00:00:00 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Things up, um, you know. I know we had the insurance thing last week. Um, I think that is generally settled and we'll go through that right. Um,
00:00:11 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Sorry i got I got super distracted by Jordan; he's super handsome. Look at that hair!
00:00:20 Michael Hino (Troutman)
That is a style of dude you want to get hair from.
00:00:22 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Smokes! I wish it; I wish I had that hair. This one from six to midnight. Um. 
00:00:29 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
But yeah, so I mean, you know, we'll figure out how to handle insurance going forward. But you know, It does seem like their intent is to try to address these things without arbitration. And you know, for all the reasons that we've said arbitration is going to be a crapshoot. Um, and expensive. And you know, yes, we have great arguments, But um you know it's going to be a long drawn out process, expensive process. And, you know, it's going to be what it is right. So the arbitration is still moving forward. Uh Mike correct me if I am wrong, but the next deadline is March tenth, right? And.
00:01:26 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
You know, we either have to wrap things up with McLean or move forward with, you know, everything on the timelines that the arbitration is requiring. Right? So, you know, I think the goal today is walk through step by step of, you know, a bunch of the open items as we see it. Get your input and then you know see what Auric has to say.
00:01:57 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Okay, um, so what's uh and just real quick, What's what's kind of the the summary of the emails that you've been getting from Auric? Like, what's what's he actually saying?
00:02:09 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I mean it it's yeah, sorry. It's uh two things. It's hey, when can we when can we meet, which we've been saying, you know, we're discussing some things with Joe. Uh, we'll get back rightum and then they're also pressing to cash financing. Thing which they say is beyond urgent at this point. Yeah, Okay.
00:02:31 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
But but no nothing more substantive than that.
00:02:34 Joseph Guzel (ME)
And only over email, did you get any other kind of data from them or or insight about like that gives you a bit more into their strategy why he was doing stuff the way he was doing it? And with the insurance, not with the insurance, just generally just this entire you know, year year long. Uh, it's the same thing. It's the same dispute for a year, so like what what's what's the end game here?
00:03:02 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Yeah, I mean, no, we haven't gotten anything more. Um, the i The hope is we come kind of armed and ready to go with clear positions on, you know how we we see things going. Um, you know I think our hope is if we can call it clear positions. That makes sense that this can get wrapped up quickly. And the reason is because they keep knocking on our door to say, you know, we want to wrap things up. We want to talk. You know, let's schedule something. So we haven't heard anything on the arbitration. We've just heard on, you know, hey, we want to talk and you know resolve all these open issues.
00:03:54 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Yeah okay.
00:03:56 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Um. Okay, that's uh that makes sense. I mean, I'm I'm obviously uh I'd like to wrap this up too, um. More than anybody. Um, So tomorrow, you'll sit down with them, and you'll negotiate is uh I think what we we should probably get on the same page on is uh, what we're going to talk to him about. So I sent you guys a draft uh, Set of terms and um. And. It kind of took a long time for me to get here so like. The goal, the goal tomorrow should be, let's end this partnership dispute right? Um and establish some kind of like framework where. Mcclain uh and I can you know walk away, get divorced uh and and without.
00:04:54 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Um, with each person actually getting the thing that they're actually mitigating for, but not saying it. I think you know, uh, For him, it's it's a it's a psychological, you know, existential threat of being exposed and him needing proximity. Um or adjacency to power for credibility. Um and Now, with Haven One being done and me moving on, He's not going to be able to unless he figures out a way to get all these board seats, which is what he's been trying to do. Then he doesn't have anything to do or stand on. So, it's even if we didn't ding him on his salary or whatever, and we just let him kind of continue on, that's not really what he wants. He needs to appear to his family and to the community as a credible venture.
00:05:52 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
VC, And so you know, understanding the motivation, what does that look like functionally? Right. I mean, Previously, you said things like give them the board seat to cast financing;. You don't care about that. Right. But that's one piece. Right. You guys have dozens of portfolio companies. So how does how does that process look?
00:06:16 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Rightum so. 
00:06:24 Joseph Guzel (ME)
I think we go back to the B O P. You know, if we think about what the B O P was, it was a trap that I fell into. Right? It I was kind of i was coerced into it by the way that McLean brought in the LPS for mediation after doing the hostile takeover attempt on May fifth, and then I was locked out of my systems access. He was doing everything that he's doing now then, With respect to disparagement, with respect to trying to usurp my track record, right? And, he managed to coerce the mediators into me, keeping everything copacetic and fifty - fifty. And as is. It ended up being just a massive trap. It's what operationally incapacitated the fund. It made everything a double trigger.
00:07:22 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Right, it put him in the middle of all. It gave him like super vetoes on everything effectively, and it allowed him to just hurt the portfolio, destroy the value, erode everything way more than he was able to before. And I fell right into it. So, we're it's the BOP at this point has been so violated, and it obviously had no teeth that um we're. We're not going to. I don't recommend we use that, And I don't want to use that as the basis for any go forward terms, right? So, like the framework, right is it's fiction, right? So like if we start with how we got here, the partnership structure in Q one twenty twenty two when we formed Haven. I brought the track record. Okay. I brought the capital.
00:08:18 Joseph Guzel (ME)
I brought the deal flow. McLean brought his sister for ten million bucks. That's really the mindset here. So, Haven is built on my equity and my you know sweat equity, my literal equity, my literal cash, my literal contacts against my better judgment. I made him a fifty - fifty partner, right? So because I wanted to develop the talent and I thought he'd grow into the role. What actually happened? Three years of fund operations go by. I authored and I have all the evidence, right? I was able to recreate my Joe at Haven VC account and recover all thirty two thousand emails or something like that, and attachments. And so I have everything. That's what I was doing the last couple days. Thank you, Claude. But. So what actually happened between twenty twenty two to twenty five over three years of fund operations? I authored one hundred percent of the LP reports.
00:09:15 Joseph Guzel (ME)
I authored one hundred percent of investment memos. I sourced ninety percent of the deals. I hold all the value driver board seats, Including cast, by the way, that's my board director seat, right? Um I don't need to. It's, it's it's not it's not something that he needs to uh interject into. He's just trying to right. Um I and then uh I performed a hundred percent of all the financial reconciliations expenses audits everything. And that's all, in the evidence chain. So McLean contributed minimally and extracted maximally. The spending disparity is twenty one to seven to one. So, out of all the fees we've taken in, McLean spent two point three million from firm capital versus my one o seven. If you want to keep it on the Amex, there was zero intellectual work product; he never authored a memo, he never sourced a deal.
00:10:13 Joseph Guzel (ME)
And systematic personal charges all over the place: the health insurance, DMV fees, personal insurance, Tesla payments you name it all to the firm. And spent a precipitous amount of hours which I analyzed his calendar going back to twenty twenty one. And I have an in depth analysis that shows exactly how he was spending his time on everything. Um and on top of that I Have his virtual assistant, who I got on record telling me exactly how he's been spending his time, And he created a new email handle called whiskeyhill dot vc. And then he moved her over to that. So Haven's paying for a virtual assistant that's on a personal email handle that belongs to McLean while he continues to keep me locked out. Right? So I'll stop right there for a second, but um. 
00:11:14 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Yeah, sorry. I am uh, I am also looking at what you just said. It just came through as well. Right. Um,
00:11:23 Michael Hino (Troutman)
So so yeah, I was going to say initially before, and I haven't had a chance to look at all this kind of what I was thinking is we try to reach some sort of resolution on the expense issue. You know you guys divvy up the companies right? You've already got board seats on certain ones, he's got board seats on certain ones. Um, yeah, they they stay within the fund, but he's going to be responsible for the ones he's responsible for. You are responsible. You guys go your separate ways. You start Haven too, And you know, that's the end of it would Would some sort of framework like that work?
00:12:00 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Or is that so? Yeah, theum we're we're pretty much on the same page. Lookum, I am trying to underscore here the operational reality of it. I am not trying to do like a contest of like, "No, I did that; he did that," which you would see, I am sure, in most fifty-fifty partnerships. The reality is the disparity really is that stark, and I prove it with data. Right? So he didn't do anything here. ; there was no body of work. ; he didn't perform and he didn't contribute.
00:12:37 Joseph Guzel (ME)
And the firm is built on my equity, So like what it what the ideal situation going forward is uh would be to um to basically just get rid of this management company. The management company needs to be amended, right? Um and and or dissolved. The GP is not the problem. I think I named the GP in that, but that's atypo, right? Um, The Haven VC URL brand, all of it is going to be dissolved as a condition of close. Right?
00:13:31 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
So Joe in this uh in the terms. You said," says you are resigning as a managing member of Haven One." That's incorrect.
00:13:45 Joseph Guzel (ME)
That's atypo. It's not the GP to be sorry. I was up all night. Here is what I would like to do, okay? McLean needs to maintain proximity. I need to maintain my fund. I am not going to give him any of my track record, any of my attribution. I am not going to let him have a board seat that he doesn't deserve after all of this. I am just not going to do that. Like, He doesn't get to do this stuff and then get cast finance because he what destroyed my life for a year, so he gets that? No, that's not what I am doing so um. 
00:14:32 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Just just to jump in here, Joe, for a second. I mean, is cast is that the one? Remind me that you think the founder's unethical and you don't want to give him additional money.
00:14:41 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Uh well I am going to need to give him additional money. Um but I am going to I have to manage it carefully. It's a high liability asset and I am not going to put McLean on McLean's. I am not going to put McLean on any boards that you know I haven't already. i've put him on i've put him on Volta, i've put him on Auto Lab, we invested recently in Auto Lab got him a director seat, Volta was another one of mine. I put him on that one. He's got Cordy, and then Apolooma's in observer seat. So he has four companies that he's responsible for, two of which were ones that I gave him generously. If, he were qualified to cover those other board seats, and I could trust him to do that and know that they would be handled appropriately, I would love to give him more responsibility. And that's something that. 
00:15:33 Joseph Guzel (ME)
We can consider once uh once he's uh if if he's on board with all the other operational back office stuff. Now, Let me be really clear: I don't want to. I under no circumstances, do I think we should talk or nor do I want am i negotiating portfolio companies tomorrow with Auric.
00:15:54 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
It's not happening because I don't have to. We're just trying to get an understanding of the framework, I think. The thing work will ask about tomorrow is the financing, right? Which remind me, is that a six hundred K safe?
00:16:11 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Is that I am not that's we're not talking about any of that tomorrow. That's not because that's not that doesn't solve anything for me and that doesn't get us anywhere. That's I am not talking portfolio companies. I am not approving anything. I am on the board as a director of that business. Okay, okay, they'll come to me.
00:16:34 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Okay, so tomorrow, what's your thought? Okay,
00:16:41 Joseph Guzel (ME)
So let me get this.
00:16:45 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Because I'll tell you what's on my list. Right? It's the expense reconciliation which we've talked about. Right? You have my comparison. McLean sent his. You sent yours. We're. We need to come to an agreement on what that management distribution is and get that approved to SBB to get those funds in your account, right? So that's one. The next is the cash financing because that is something that has been referenced by Work multiple times to us. So they're definitely going to ask about it, right? Um, is it approved? Is it not? If not.
00:17:33 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
You know what's the process? Insurance was paid by McLean. McLean is going to have that, I guess, reimbursed in the management distributions. Do. 
00:17:48 Joseph Guzel (ME)
You know when he paid that?
00:17:50 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I think it was it was when you were flying to Aspen. What was that last Monday or something like that last Tuesday?
00:18:01 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Are we sure that it covered my family? I am not sure it did.
00:18:05 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I don't think his payment did. I think his payment was only for him. How. 
00:18:11 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Did he manage that? I wonder. Manage what? Well, it's a group policy, isn't it?
00:18:19 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Um, yeah, I believe it is a group policy if my memory serves me correct so, I I don't know. I, my understanding was it was his past two payments that were made for for his portion of the policy, but we never got any details.
00:18:44 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Since when are we doing that? That's, what I was trying to do before now, he's he's kind of backtracking on everything. Um, theum okay, hold on let me let me send you this uh let's see all right. So, I really don't want to. I don't understand why we should be negotiating on their chessboard. It makes no sense. The goal for tomorrow should be to just negate everything. We're not showing up to negotiate with Ben about things that McLean laid on the table. This is not what I am doing anymore, right? So, the goal.
00:19:29 Joseph Guzel (ME)
With Ben tomorrow is to immediately refute everything that he laid on the table, Which is which what I am what I am giving you in these in this package. Does that the fact is the evidence is irrefutable, and my willingness to go the distance at this point, because I've been pushed to as far as any man can be pushed right too far. Is is it's irrefutable evidence, right? So then you go, Then you we move it to the terms and conditions that I need in order to not go after McLean in arbitration and pursue criminal charges.
00:20:23 Michael Hino (Troutman)
What are those terms in this letter, Joe? Or what are they? Yeah.
00:20:28 Joseph Guzel (ME)
So, let me send you. Sorry, guys. Systematic research issue duty. Okay. So settlement terms. Okay. Section one, Let me just email these to you right now. Hold on ;. It's still loading. Okay, Section one is uh.
00:20:59 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Immediate conditions, all of these right have to be satisfied within by within twenty four hours. Like I am not no seven days, twenty four hours, forty eight hours. It just doesn't make any sense. Uh. We get I get my management fees paid gross per the reconciliation that I spent a shit ton of time on, and that Stephen spent a shit ton of time on right, the trapped management fees.
00:21:28 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Wired operating expenses, reimbursements, all that stuff that I paid during the lockout. Wired Silicon Valley Bank auto pay restitution. And the Amex that I've had overdue on my personal credit, sitting saddled with company opex paid right uh and the insurance subsidy.
00:21:59 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Reconciliation of my overpayments for his family's insurance, graciously generously that I've been doing for years. Uh, Adjudicated that's like thirty three thousand bucks in two, and that's over two and a half years, right? Email restoration. Full access to my property, my email. Right so the third seizure ends immediately. Right. Insurance currency. All Haven Ventures insurance policies DNO health all that stuff, confirmed current and in good standing. Right McLean has manufactured four insurance crises. Right to to come after me. Audit confirmation withdrawal.
00:22:54 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Mc clain notifies Frank Rimmerman in writing that all unilateral DocuSigns sent to Founders are withdrawn.
00:23:04 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
So, Joe, you know a number of these are kind of new issues.
00:23:10 Joseph Guzel (ME)
No, no, these are huge issues. These are.
00:23:13 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
No, I said new.
00:23:15 Joseph Guzel (ME)
My email is a new issue?
00:23:19 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
No, not your email.
00:23:20 Joseph Guzel (ME)
My management fees are a new issue. My Amex is a new issue. My car note is a new issue. These are not new issues.
00:23:28 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
So my my question is, we've presented a lot of these, right? I mean what's what are we giving? What's what's McLean getting so that he accepts the accepts these terms?
00:23:46 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Or is it?
00:23:47 Joseph Guzel (ME)
He's getting, he's not going to lose everything because I will keep going. I have no other choice. I don't what other choice do I have?
00:24:03 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Well, I think the other choice is we try to find middle ground on a lot of these issues. There will be no middle ground.
00:24:14 Joseph Guzel (ME)
What middle ground have we gotten? I have gotten nothing but attacks, lies, and manipulation from this man and his people for a very long time. Respectfully Stephen. So like I know I know it's very hard not to be reasonable, but we're not dealing with reasonable people. And I am suffering. I'm not going to get any sympathy here. Their intention is to kill me, okay?
00:24:44 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Arbitration is also going to be suffering. You are not;. It's going to cost you a lot of money, and it's going to take up all your time, And you are not going to be able to go out and you know, raise funds too. Well, I mean, you will, but you are going to be dealing with a very, you know, intensive process of this thing.
00:25:07 Joseph Guzel (ME)
He is just worried again; you are thinking rationally. He cares about public humiliation. And I'm going to do that, right? So that's the leverage here. It's not that hard, really. We need to talk past Ben tomorrow. We are not there to negotiate on McLean's terms, so he can attempt to usurp more of my stuff. This is all they're all my companies here. Nothing's changed.
00:25:41 Joseph Guzel (ME)
All of this is just an attempt to take my credibility, my company's the board seats. He cannot have them. I'll never give them to him, and I don't need to give it to him, right? So, let's the operational reality is I've done everything here, and it's provable unequivocally with hard proof, right? So we have everything. So with Ben tomorrow, it's Ben. 
00:26:12 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Like, here is all the evidence. So, we're not even going to talk about your stuff. This is what Joe needs to happen for him, not to literally go scorched earth on on everything. Not just arbitration; t here is criminal charges I can go after him for. And at this point, I don't care because what else do I got to do? You know so um. 
00:26:39 Michael Hino (Troutman)
I think just to chime in, Joe. I mean, I think what else you had to do is build Haven too.
00:26:44 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Well, that's what I was doing last week in Aspen. I understand, like i can I can do that and I am going to do that. And but you know what am i What am I negotiating for here exactly? I did nothing wrong. I never went after this man. I never tried to remove him from the partnership. I never disparaged him. I never tried to fuck up his income nothing, We had an agreement last year. He has no board seats. The body of work is finished at Haven. He doesn't have a job really. He's trying to justify his existence. It's not my fucking problem, right?
00:27:25 Michael Hino (Troutman)
So going back and I realize that we reject the binding operating protocol, But you guys in that in paragraph ten, you kind of divvied up responsibility for companies.
00:27:39 Joseph Guzel (ME)
That was a few days ago. No, I am not. We're not doing the binding operating protocol. I haven't had my email again, and all he and I spoke to his EA Mary, we paid two thousand dollars a month for. I don't have one of those right? He went he was setting up meetings for months with all the company founders.
00:28:10 Joseph Guzel (ME)
With my LPS, who I've since talked to, to tell everybody that I was fired. This just happened. This is not the first time he's done this. So forget the BOP.
00:28:22 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Yeah, I hear you. Yeah, I mean the guy's a prick. No, no,
00:28:25 Joseph Guzel (ME)
But the BOP doesn't mean anything. It'll mean something in arbitration. But i am not following the bop he takes my deal, because this is my company. These are my board seats. These are my this is my body of work. He doesn't have a body of work. He doesn't just get to take my body of work. He was equally compensated as a fifty-fifty partner. There's so there's no excuse here like he wasn't incentivized or something like that. He didn't do his job, we are not working with each other anymore. He's disparaged me viciously, he's harassed me, abused me, disparaged me, tortured me everything right? He's committed fraud on the audit already straight up black and white.
00:29:11 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Wire fraud and everything, so like what the fuck?
00:29:14 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Yeah, so if this is the strategy, then I don't think a call with Ben tomorrow really makes sense, right? It's this is more along the lines of those letters we've been sending, right? Well,
00:29:34 Joseph Guzel (ME)
That's yeah. I don't think we should send thirty three terms. Like, obviously, that's what I was hoping you guys would give some advice, but I didn't get this to you fast enough.
00:29:42 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
No, well we can get through that. But, this isn't the type of thing that you get on a call and say, hey, he did this. He did this. He did this. Here is the evidence that that's a letter right? So if this is the process, then that's you know, preparing a lengthy letter with exhibits and attachments and seeing where that goes my expectation. Is McLean will see it and say, "That's bullshit." I am disputing it because X, Y, and Z. And you know we really just go the arbitration process. Um, I think the only potentially fruitful outcome of a call is addressing the you know, reimbursement reconciliation.
00:30:30 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
You know, the cash again, the cash financing. I know you don't want to discuss it, but I bring it up because we're struggling to find that.
00:30:36 Joseph Guzel (ME)
I will not talk about any portfolio company financings. Period. Right. Yeah, that's it's they're off the table.
00:30:45 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
The audit process that you just brought up right, um, which we'll need a little bit more information on uh and email access, right? Those were the things I was expecting to discuss tomorrow. And Mike, jump in if there was any comments. Yeah,
00:31:06 Michael Hino (Troutman)
And just regarding the expenses, I mean in the grand scheme, after you know, Stephen went through it. Um I think I don't think we're that far apart. Um, you know the one thing Joe that we had a question about is, you know what was the distribution right? Um yeah, the management fee did I think it's a management fee. Um, Because, you know, when you start going through those numbers, that makes a big difference. So, you know, the thought would be to try and limit the differences. Right? And then once we get to a point where both sides say, hey, it's not worth fighting about this smaller amount. You know we try and come up with some sort of arrangement to separate. You guys move in different directions. You wash your hands of this guy. 
00:31:58 Michael Hino (Troutman)
And go on with your new business. That I think that's the. 
00:32:02 Joseph Guzel (ME)
I tried to do that already. Didn't I?
00:32:07 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Yeah, but but I think you know us, and again we'll go through this letter in detail. But you know us asking them to pay us, and we ultimately may get there, but yeah. 
00:32:18 Joseph Guzel (ME)
It's it's I'm not asking anybody to pay me anything. I'm at i i'm entitled to my property right?
00:32:27 Joseph Guzel (ME)
My management fees are property. They're not income, right?
00:32:36 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Right, but that's the reconciliation process. Well,
00:32:40 Joseph Guzel (ME)
The reconciliation process is just a standard expense process of which I have all that evidence in there like I had before, which is like everybody knows this. That's why it's not it's all nonsensical. We keep we've been talking about this stuff forever. It's gotten us nowhere because he's focused on trying to usurp control of the board seats, and so I am never going to give it to him.
00:33:04 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
We have been talking about it forever. We have not had all that many discussions with Oric about it. I mean, I think the only touch point with Oric was when they provided McLean's reconciliation.
00:33:19 Joseph Guzel (ME)
We will get movement on that on all the stuff that we care about, which is. Anything but companies because I control all the companies. So, why the hell am I going to talk about them? I don't need to, right? He's not supposed to be interjecting himself in my companies, anyways. So, talking about anything with the portfolio is just a literal nonstarter. Like, don't do it if you stay away from me. Make it really clear to Ben; I guarantee you.
00:33:54 Joseph Guzel (ME)
We're going to get movement here. He's not an idiot. He knows that, it's not a fourteen to one discrepancy. On the expenses, this is not a mystery here, especially because I do all of them and it's fucking proven. I have my emails all of them from January second back restored with attachments. Little code right so. 
00:34:23 Joseph Guzel (ME)
It doesn't like like what matters is all of the administrative and operating stuff getting set. Then I will be the gatekeeper to his credibility, right? That's where we want to get him, and that's where we I think we can get him, right?
00:34:43 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Yeah, I think Joe. If, we go back and say, you know, pay us a bunch of money. And. You know, McLean gets nothing. I mean, I think Stephen's right. They're going to say, you know, go pound sand, right? We'll see in arbitration.
00:35:00 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Yeah i didn't I didn't say he gets nothing. He still owns fifty percent of Haven, and he's entitled to his fifty percent of management fees. I never I've never once tried to take away either of those things from him ever Right? I've never come after him. 
00:35:19 Joseph Guzel (ME)
So, why am I giving anything? I don't need to. The work is done. Our initial investment period is almost done. There's a scoreboard in this business; he's not on it. Tough luck, right? It happens so he showed his hand. His February ninth proposal showed me getting eight and a half thousand dollars, right? Today's one twenty five. 
00:35:51 Joseph Guzel (ME)
He rejected nine settlement offers last June in mediation. By the way, all those mediation docs, right? So he wants me out, and he wants to keep my track record, and he wants Haven to still exist, so he can associate with my track record. I am taking all of that away. The world is going to look like this. It's going to look like we're going to amend.
00:36:21 Joseph Guzel (ME)
The LLC, the management company, And put all kinds of good rules around that thing that keep us from fucking with each other. We are going to move our banking relationship for the pass through away from Silicon Valley Bank to Stiefel. We are going to get updated and duly authorized and dual signature.
00:36:52 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Contracts with all of our service providers that have been coercively controlled and weaponized against me in an operationally capacity. My fund has, even now, I have an audit going on. I am regulated where I have my fifty percent partner told the auditors that he fired me and he's running around sending DocuSigns for the for the opinion letter. To my portfolio companies that he's been reaching out to without my knowledge, consent, anything, trying to dictate terms of evaluation while I am locked out of my systems, which is an audit breach. Right? This is a very big problem. Okay? Because, he's trying to open me up to get sued by my limited partners so that he can have his family sue me.
00:37:46 Joseph Guzel (ME)
That's what he's doing with that. Per the LPA, t here is some ways that he can do that. He's weaponizing that, so you are going to tell me anything's in good faith? It's not right. That's a right now problem, right? That's why I sent you guys that Q four thing, the Q four workbook. I am not going to approve it, right? Look at how quick he tried to get it approved. Right, And I have all the founders forwarding me these DocuSigns because they know better now. They're like, " I am not signing anything that's coming straight from McLean unless I do it by accident." And your name's not on the signature block, Joe. Like, and I have all the DocuSigns. Um, that's that's criminal, right? Um, So if I walk away this whole, like, let's be oh, Joe get get on with your life," I lose everything. i've I've come to realize that right. 
00:38:41 Joseph Guzel (ME)
He's going to keep claiming my companies and my track record. He's going to keep my LP relationships that I've spent my whole life earning, right? It's going to look like I was fired, And it's going to fuel the narrative that he's been running around B O P no B O P. It doesn't matter. This guy is going to always talk, And he's already, and he spends all his time telling everybody that will listen that he fired me from my own company.
00:39:11 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Fuck that, right? And I am not going to have it. So, What my actual strategy is going to be is I am not trying to get him to accept this settlement here, guys. By the way, right? I am proving he won't accept any reasonable settlement. And I am going to trap him right back where I found him, Which is he's going to end up associating with the new entity on my terms. The new entity being the rebranded Haven. So, The LLC as a condition of signing within three weeks, because another thing is all the corporate documents, whether they be for the GP, like everything needs to be revised : Aduro contract, Cooley contract, Carta contract, whatever.
00:40:10 Joseph Guzel (ME)
It needs to be revised because a lot of these are are listed as his address. It's from twenty twenty one before we had a corporate address or anything like that. That's another part of the way that he was able to coercively control everything. We need all of that stuff cleaned up, housekeeping going forward. We won't we don't need to if if we need to dissolve the pass through, if if that's if that's a good idea, let's do that, otherwise, if we can amend the pass through change the name, it will no longer be Haven Ventures Management L L C. It will be Acme. Uh, management LLC insert name. The Haven VC URL, which is might half my property and half his property. It's worth between fifty to a hundred grand. We either sell it or we put it in a third party custody within three weeks of signing. Need uh both of us have to move on to different URLs. He can no longer use haven, dot vc and I'm going to move on to my other one. Does all that make sense?
00:41:10 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Yeah, and you know, I think these were all the types of items. I was expecting to address eventually, right? We haven't gotten there yet, right? Because well let's get there. Well but we're still on you know cash financing again.
00:41:33 Joseph Guzel (ME)
I am never going to talk about that. I I understand. Why do you want me to give them my board seat so bad?
00:41:39 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I I don't I don't. I'll tell you what, i'll tell you what Auric is telling us they care about, okay? Mhm. Is the cast financing, the expense reconciliation and the insurance, right? And in addition to that from my perspective, I care about the email and and Well,
00:41:58 Joseph Guzel (ME)
I'm in contact with the cast finance founders. So why why does why is this such a big deal? Mclean's not on that board. He should be more worried about Volta, Apolloma needing money and coming up. Those are about to be zeros. Yeah, right? Imminently, And I might have to invest more money just to shut one of them down. It tends to happen. That could have been. 
00:42:22 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
He cares about cash financing per oric is what they're saying because it's a fiduciary. Obligation of the company of the fund.
00:42:34 Joseph Guzel (ME)
I'm a board director. I'm doing my fiduciary responsibility. I proposed to the investment and I manufactured it. He blocked it. Well, I don't have to pull back on that one. There isn't an investment here that I didn't author Every investment at this company, I did every single one of them. I authored every single one So, of course this one, I did too The one that i'm on the board for and that i invented.
00:43:01 Joseph Guzel (ME)
So, the only two deals that he sourced are Appaluma and Corgi, and I still did those deals too and processed them and did everything. I am the only qualified person here. So, I am well aware of the cast finance situation. I am well aware of their debt situation because my mentor since I am twenty two is the guy that gave him the debt, and he's one of my LPS. Right?
00:43:25 Michael Hino (Troutman)
So so The cast financing Joe, we can just tell them Joe's got it under control, don't worry about it.
00:43:30 Joseph Guzel (ME)
I sincerely, respectfully, I you. I think you need to make it very clear to Ben that Joe has no intention of talking about portfolio company financings at all until every until we have an agreement. Literally, that's it's that. I why the hell am I talking about this stuff when, I, Don't have any of my property. I got audit fraud happening, running rampant in my company. No, no. I need to get this house in order. Cast find it okay. Cast I negotiated that last September, and he's been fucking with it since then. He he delayed it so that I we wouldn't have a markup because he didn't want me to have markups. Now he cares about it because he's he wants to have the me, put i i.
00:44:23 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Negotiated. So it goes to a price round, and then he's going to interject himself and then make it be a dual signature. And then he's going to remove my board seat from it in name, which I am I I need another board seat like I need cancer. Okay. But this is a business, how the fuck you need those those controls. So he diminishes Haven Ventures controls of the preference and in the boardroom so that he looks better.
00:44:53 Joseph Guzel (ME)
We we got hired to do a job here.
00:44:56 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
So Joe, then I think you know, maybe it's talking to work, maybe it's another letter. But just running through quickly the terms you outlined here, the idea would be we present these terms in one fashion or another, agree to it and then you would, You know, address any portfolio company issues once these terms are agreed to. In a nutshell, is that what you are saying?
00:45:31 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Well, in those terms, you'll see that I am going to have investment authority. Obviously. He has no board seats, So he'll still have a double. It'll still be a double trigger, but like he's not going to be. You know, we're we're going to figure something out there. I am not going to continue t here is t here is no, He doesn't have any investment decisions. He doesn't have anything to manage, right?
00:45:57 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
And just to be clear, the only thing we're saying is we will not, you know, file criminal charges essentially against him. Anything. 
00:46:09 Joseph Guzel (ME)
He violates, I will file criminal charges. It's the other way around. 
00:46:14 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
On this or has violated.
00:46:19 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
On these terms that you're presenting here, Or terms of the BOP or you know things that have occurred in the past. Which one are you referencing?
00:46:29 Joseph Guzel (ME)
We're not going to we're not doing any uh any retroactive uh, baptism or something here. No. It's, it's I'm not I've I'll reserve the right to say or do whatever the hell I want. There's no I'm not getting no gag orders, no nothing. Right?
00:46:45 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
You have a release in here.
00:46:48 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Is there? Well, I had AI generate this as fast as I can, because I was trying to get something in front of you guys. So, so, so I will send you another uh more clear revised version. Yeah, why why don't you go? I am not putting anything but am sorry sorry to talk over your brother. I am not putting anything in front of you that uh that that I can't unequivocally win with evidence like any claim or anything like that. There has. There hasn't been anything that's been presented where, when push comes to shove, I am not unequivocally right with provable evidence. Especially now that I have my whole systems rebuilt. I fucking rebuilt everything from scratch. It took days attachments and all thirty two thousand emails So Joe,
00:47:38 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Why don't you go through to send us four point ten written non AI generated, because AI is awesome, but. It has its faults, right? Just seven, eight bullet points. These are my terms and conditions. You don't have to give evidence of it. We have all the evidence here on everything you've provided. Just you know one through eight of what you want.
00:48:08 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Okay, that's a good way to do it. And then yeah, if you can send that to us, Joe, Yeah, we'll take a look at it. We'll talk and then I don't know, should we is that something you could send us today, Joe?
00:48:23 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Or I can send it in just a couple minutes. Yeah, okay. And,
00:48:26 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Then maybe we uh maybe we plan like a short call tomorrow. And then we decide Stephen. Are we going to call Ben? Are we just going to write what's the next step?
00:48:36 Joseph Guzel (ME)
I think you guys should call him because it's uh We need a shortfuse here. And all of the. These things are not negotiable. It's this is the deal. These are the conditions. That's it.
00:48:51 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Yeah, it's just you know to Mike's point if it's here are the terms, A, it's nice to have something like that in writing. Yeah, not verbal right? B, It allows us to frame things the way we want it framed, you know, Mike's a skilled orator, but you know. It's easier to write things down and see you can, you know, attach evidence to the extent it makes sense to do so. Right? We can't attach evidence to a conversation.
00:49:24 Joseph Guzel (ME)
So I don't need evidence for my terms, But I observe, you have all the evidence you need to refute in your inbox right now. You have all the evidence you need to literally attach and to just refute every single thing that they sent. And again, we're not going to ever talk about. There's no discussions about, And the right framework is is not Joe doesn't want to talk about board seats. No no no it's it's. Cast finance and these things these are Joe's board seats. Um. We're not talking about those joe. Joe's simply not talking about any portfolio investment activity period.
00:50:10 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Uh, that's just off the table, and it's like it's so far off the table that it will never. I don't care if it's i don't care if cash goes to zero and all these things go to zero. It's just business, right?
00:50:24 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
And I understand you have a director hat right forecast financing. You are a director of cash financing, and that is a role you play. You also play a role of, Managing partner, fiduciary of Haven, right?
00:50:40 Joseph Guzel (ME)
I am pretty good at it. If I have every single board seat and I did every single deal and I constructed all of them. And I priced rounds and I lead them, I know what I am doing here, right? So he is in deep shit because if cash finance goes to zero, it's not going to go to zero. They're acting like jagoffs. They're going to come and kiss the ring. My mentor who's one of our LPS, Ron Suber, who's doing the debt. He doesn't even know that I don't have my fucking email. You think they're running around telling him the truth? You think a Duro told the auditors the truth? Why isn't that happening? It's almost like I need new contracts with all of them, right? Fuck these people, guys. I'm surrounded by idiots. Let's destroy them, like like that's it.
00:51:31 Joseph Guzel (ME)
Um, if we're nice and reasonable with these reasonable people, I literally need to clean house. Like, let's get rid of this shit. We get the LLC needs to go. That's what I needed from day one. It's a prison, So that's the main condition here. We We amend and dissolve and or dissolve the LLC and establish a new one. Haven Ventures is fucking gone because I am rebranding to Context Capital. I was between that and Mensch Ventures, but it's too hard to say so. Um, we we and then that's it. And so he's going to be forced to move on and he can't, so then he will comply.
00:52:24 Michael Hino (Troutman)
All right, let's do this, Joe. If you can send us those, You know, the seven eight points that are that you know are crucial. Just you know, write them out as Stephen said, no you know not AI just you know email. You want to write it on a piece of paper and scan it, whatever makes the most sense. We'll take a look at this. We'll take a look at the points you sendum if we want to have another call or are you available tomorrow? You have availability?
00:52:47 Joseph Guzel (ME)
No I'm I absolutely am yeah yeah okay. All right It's uh I had every say yesterday, I had the Aspen thing everything. I saw circled about 20. On that Aspen trip, Italu Visa and uh Crowns, and then uh after Ramadan, cause I Ramadan Ramadan uh I will be going to the Middle East. So, let's wrap this up, so I can go to the Middle East to get all this Ramadan money. That's sitting there waiting right now.
00:53:14 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Sounds good. All right, we'll send us that and we'll uh we'll circle back tomorrow. Okay? See you guys. All right, thank you. Thanks Jeff.