McLain Southworth  16:02:56
That we were taking the entire round, I said, Hey, listen, we'd be open to, you know, shedding some of it, just because we were telling up the math, there's the last few investments, and realize that it'd be nice to have some dry powder. He's like, I totally got he's like, I told everyone else to basically fuck off when you guys said that you wanted the entire thing. But he's like, there's a few people I've been painted to see if they'd be interested in coming in and taking this lead if they can move quickly. Thanks

Joseph Guzel  16:03:20
for that. Totally sorry. Sorry for interrupting. It's not totally necessary, but I totally wouldn't hurt. You know,

McLain Southworth  16:03:30
that's what I said. I said, no worries. If not, I was like, it's just, you know, we're flexible there. So he got it, and then he's on. He's going to talk to Seth tonight, see if it makes sense to have him come as CEO immediately, just as his financing closes. Because I just told why, I was like, listen, we're doing the dots. Now, when it comes to service requirements, all that shit, it's just a lot easier to figure out that. And also you, as soon as you have the capital in the door, you just want to hit the ground running. He's like, Hey, listen, I totally get it. I'm gonna talk to Seth, you know, I think he definitely wants me to step into that role. I just have to see if, if he's ready to do it now. So we should hear more on that, but

Joseph Guzel  16:04:20
that's great. Okay, yeah, get these over the get these over the line for you you got, because you got a lot on your plate. And then,

McLain Southworth  16:04:30
and I talked to Alicia, I think we're pretty good there. The second point is the only one that she had some pushback on, but I don't think it's anything that's gonna be too

Joseph Guzel  16:04:40
stinky. That one's gonna be tough to manage, probably, huh, boy, what's your vibe?

McLain Southworth  16:04:44
She's actually been, she's actually been pretty good. I mean, she's, she's gotten a lot of traction, and now she's, she's talking to our Native American friend there to to actually set up one of these data centers on native land too. Isaac.

Joseph Guzel  16:05:02
Isaac, yeah. How's he doing?

McLain Southworth  16:05:06
Doing good. He was inspired by the conversion conference, and he's like, it basically incentivized him to try to figure out some way to get the Native American population on

Joseph Guzel  16:05:17
board with that. Yeah, that's, that's a big one. That's a record. Yeah, she's, I mean, she can sell. She knows what she's doing. She's, she keeps selling, she won't build product. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  16:05:33
I think, I think at some point though, we just need to build the right team around her. I think that's going to be kind of first priority, yeah. I mean, like, I think it's because I feel like she's, it's just like the receipt to is like, good, but I don't think he's like, good, good. Yeah.

Joseph Guzel  16:05:50
It's like, like, getting like, kind of where the world is going, putting, putting everything aside. It's, you know, when, when I've talked about, like, oh, it's time for the application layer, haven't really, didn't, never, never really, like, unpacked what I actually meant by that, like, yeah, it's time for the application layer. But it also implies, like, it's time to switch to a different type of investing. Because, like, one of the, I guess, non obvious things from the last several years doing this with you, was, how, how, how untypical. Atypical is that the right thing? Atypical, atypical, yeah, how atypical it was relative to a lot of the investing that, that you probably saw at crosslink, right, like, or there, because there's the whole, uh, there's the whole, just like, getting the getting deals done was hard enough, right? And so it's like, so the teams had to look a certain way, even if they weren't necessarily the right fit, because then it's like, how to get the deal done. But like, if you notice with these, for the most part, they're all sometimes they're complete mismatch, like, you know, cast or every set or atom or PICO, Pico is a really good example, like we wouldn't, I don't think we would do a PICO necessarily, later, right? Because it's application later time, once the channels are figured out and the distribution is figured out, then it starts to become a competition on product and users, because they're it becomes fixed. And so, yeah, like, that's like, that's why, and that's why. Then investing at a series, a type posture is more interesting, because you just need to get the best team if you have the distribution advantage, and just invest in the best teams and the categories that you think are going to be the ones that that work at a higher velocity first, which then is a whole different that's

McLain Southworth  16:07:57
kind of what you know. That's kind of why I agree with you. I think that's kind of why I like Porgy too, because I feel like they, they're kind of like at a Series A rejiggering point, right? So we're paying kind of C prices for it. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:08:12
those are two really good use cases for now, when you look back at the portfolio, like, what teams do you think that those are the most that if you look at cornea, women, a vacuum, who do? Who do you? Who do you think they remind you of the most from our from 2022, forward, forget the crossing ones, um. I don't know. I think Apple Lumo, I think she reminds me like the situation that that that is ahead reminds me kind of the most of, believe it or not, volta or now we'll be, I don't know, neither of us spent a ton of time with him, which is a shame, but, yeah, but Well, I think it's like, it's like, expert exec with some chops, sales chops, like an expert at kind of one thing, which was for him, was like Data Science and OCR tech and stuff like that. And he ironically, really, really good at insurance, right? Because he came from cover genius or whatever, and from his clients being all insurance from that OCR, I forget what it was called, that OCR business, the big like Mechanical Turk, OCR provider, yeah. And then, from home, he worked at, like, lending tree or whatever. So, like, I just remember that actually, he'd be really good source for insurance. What this is mean again, all the shawl, b, h, a, l, O, A, good. And then, yeah. And then, like, you know, doing something that he hasn't done before in a category he doesn't know. That's not necessarily the case here. Like, she, she doesn't know, like, you know how to build a payments company. She doesn't know how to build a tech company, but she

McLain Southworth  16:10:11
knows how to do sales, which is why I just, I just need to get I need we,

Joseph Guzel  16:10:15
yeah, which is, which is what he didn't know. So most of the time with the execs, why she's unique is that most of the time with these execs, like, she's not quite in that box, you know, like they that's the thing that they absolutely do not know how to do, because you just don't really sell. Like, unless you're a sales guy, you don't sell in a corporate organization, right? And like, unless you're selling AdWords, like you're not selling anything, you're selling people, right? You're selling your peers within the organization to get shared vision across something. You're communicating, disseminating information, but you're not selling anything. Which, which, which is why like it, you know, they skew towards bureaucratic, but why they struggle zero to one, because they have to unlearn that stuff, and why it's so maybe Bucha is more like Corgi, actually. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  16:11:16
yeah. Yeah. Well, I think, I think maybe the shawl is, I think Seth is, like the shawl before Brian

Joseph Guzel  16:11:22
came in, he's kind of, it's kind of like a, he's, like the Dragon Ball. Z, you know, when they do the fusion, like, yeah, I never watched Dragon Ball. Z, since last Yeah. I'm trying to think of, like, when they, when they morph together into one being, you know, yeah, he's, he's, if you split fish Hall in half, you kind of get both dudes. And that'll be the challenge for for Brian, because it's like, if he's, he's never had to sell, really, like, like, but is the but I don't know if, if it's the same kind of cell, you know what they're doing, he might be, he might be okay at it, if he just, like, leans into, just not make it hard for himself, like when we were chatting last December, or in January, about, like, and you know, he wanted to go after certain types of verticals. One thing we didn't talk about my mind was going towards, it's like, Ah, he's trying to, like, sell into this kind of weird mid market. That's just like, it's hard for anybody, let alone somebody who hasn't had to do it before. Or does he have some kind of like angle into it that from his time at Bank of America specifically, or maybe some merchants with PayPal that he has, and then just encourage him to lean on his Rolodex, you know? Yeah, they'll often try to make it hard on themselves. There's no point, you know, he

McLain Southworth  16:12:53
did actually, I'm looking at his curious. He does actually have some, some sales experience, but, yeah, but also you can't lead, I mean, you can't lead an entire department at Bank of America not have to do sales, right?

Joseph Guzel  16:13:07
Yeah? Well,

McLain Southworth  16:13:11
Bank of America, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:13:13
that's the that's the irony is that you absolutely, you absolutely don't have to do any sales like, yeah,

McLain Southworth  16:13:20
he's also head of consumer payable sales. Instead of sales for consumer payable, he's

Joseph Guzel  16:13:25
managing a lot of salespeople that are managing other salespeople. So that sends up being your job. It's, it's not, it's not, it's just what happens, you know, it's and then you're actually removed from the from the process of it. Brandon manages, manages 800 salespeople at UiPath, but he's the shittiest sales guy I've ever met. Yeah, even Adam was like, it's like, this guy doesn't even know any, any anything about the market. I was like, I know he's not like a product guy. He's a exec, yeah? And that did, yeah, it's like, like, brand Brandon's like, like, think of what he's doing. Like, Brandon doesn't know shit about AI. He doesn't know shit about product. He's just, he knows how to be an exec, and those are the worst ones, man. Like, I we've, we don't have, we don't have any of those. But like those, look, you tend to fall into that trap with the enterprise, and then, yeah, with both of them, like, like, what you what you're not going to need with Brian and safe is structure, right? Like, because they'll, they'll, they not only, like, already have that because they know what good looks like in organizations at the right time, like the like, PayPal and Stripe, or eBay on stripe, but like, they'll they already made mistakes on other people's money. Like, like, so, so, so, so they're like, investing in Rick, or, sorry, not Rick, but Brian and Chris right now, not in 2022 I'd love to invest in Brian and Rick and Chris right now doing something consumer, after they did everything that they did with somebody else's two and a half mill, yeah, and because it will be awesome, and then it'll be the right time. But also just, it's, it's, it's ideal, because now they're like, they'll approach it entirely differently. They'll get, they'll get a n of one through distribution, not product first. They'll, you know, focus on, on and they'll do it for 1/10 the cost with no other people, as as it should be. And so we'd be exposing, you know, a million dollars of capital to then go raise 10 instead of exposing two and a half to raise nothing. You know, yeah, with both of them, though they're not, they're not what what ends up also sucking too. I don't know if this would be a problem for Alicia. She's like a real purple squirrel. Who knows? But, um, especially because she's not shy about just leaning on New Mexico. It's like, just make it easy on yourself. I like that about her. I mean, this is first

McLain Southworth  16:16:06
time we go to company do a press conference with the governor before we even wired the money. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:16:11
well, it's, it's like, she's, she's like, don't make it fucking hard on yourself. You know? It's like, it's and she has, like, a unique, she actually knows the unique distribution that other folks learn, like what Adam had to do, you know, like Adam, we had to figure that out. I knew what, what was consensus, but wouldn't work. And then it the consensus stuff actually ended up working, because the timing was right, and things like Matt kenwick and Chip were totally him, you know, making it okay to do that. I wouldn't have thought, thought to do that if, if we weren't all desperate, but, but you see how much trouble that even Adam has fundraising, a guy who's raised hundreds of millions of dollars,

McLain Southworth  16:16:58
yeah, well, he hasn't, I mean, he just started, so we shouldn't shit on him

Joseph Guzel  16:17:03
yet. No, definitely I'm not shitting on him. It's more an observation, like, like, for comparison, right? It's like, the like, he's, he's, he's, he's an expert, you know, at fundraising, raising DC, he's got more reps than everybody. Like, like, seasoned vet and but, but still, like, a lot of fucking work to get them there, to get them to the right story, to get them to the right, you know, and the the ones, the ones like Brian and stuff. That's where they really struggle. Because, like, because, again, you just they never had to, never had to do it before. And so, like, so they get confused. They're they're always looking for the milestones, right? Well, I have this, I have that. So I have the my everything on the syllabus I did. So why don't I have the capital and those that that's, that's ends up being the challenge? Yeah, yeah. He,

McLain Southworth  16:18:07
he's, um, have you like early, you know, is he in New York right now?

Joseph Guzel  16:18:18
I was texting with him. I haven't called him yet. Ended

McLain Southworth  16:18:23
up I didn't get a chance to talk to him today.

Joseph Guzel  16:18:26
Yeah, yeah, he pinged me a little bit earlier.

McLain Southworth  16:18:33
Yeah, there's a lot. We had some questions on the Google Cloud side? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:18:37
the I got a lot more intros I'm going to make for him tonight, and I'm going to compile the SPV thing. Well, I don't know if it'll be an SPV, but, you know, like compile like a thing for the LPs to go direct. So I'm going to reach out to them how

McLain Southworth  16:19:00
this is good timing, because I feel like we owe the Anderson something. And I really wanted to ping him on this,

Joseph Guzel  16:19:06
yeah, we owe all of them something. I mean, this is like, really, this is an unequivocal, entirely haven for pride. So much work. It's, it's worth a lot of money, dude. Like, I don't know what else to say. Like, it's, like, it could, it's 100 billion of bookings every that we made, everything, all the earned insights have all worked. Like, you know, if you and I didn't continue on, we'll both make money from this. It's as long as Adam doesn't, you know, sell too soon, but, like it could, it's worth a billion dollars today, or the system a record for tradfi. Yeah, that's worth something

McLain Southworth  16:19:55
well, and yeah, I mean, the fact that hasn't bowed out, you know, they have, didn't say yes immediately, but they also that means that they're actually kind of digging in.

Joseph Guzel  16:20:04
Yeah, well, it's, it's funny, it's funny how it's, I mean, I think Adam might be, like, the next Steve Jobs. He might be Steve Jobs, man, I think he might be the best founder I ever worked with, like, actually, or is something, he's something like a Brian Chesky Steve Jobs, like, is he's really good. Like, I mean, I kind of think of, I don't think I've ever worked with anybody even added into it as good as him ever. And

McLain Southworth  16:20:37
pretty big shoes to fill for, for who Steve Jobs is. That's,

Joseph Guzel  16:20:42
yeah, but yeah, of course, it's more just like, that's like me saying not that he's going to build a company as big as Steve Jobs. That's me saying that like he has that vibe, you know, he's, he's like a this, you know, like a business hippie that can, like, that can play, you know, he approaches things a little bit differently, but it's he just, like, gets it done. I can't believe it. I didn't see it really before, because I hadn't seen him at scale yet, him and him in the enterprise, like, this is, like, dangerous, like, in a good way. I mean, other CEOs won't do that, like Chris Britt wouldn't do what Adam just did over the over the weekend. Like, okay, I need, I want more. I need more revenue. I gotta show more. Like he just goes and solves the problem, like, gets on the phone with Mac, you know, Mac hemic, like, and then he just, literally, he just quadrupled the business, or tripled the business, asking politely and and if that was like me and Dana and stuff in the boardroom, what I would have assumed was going to happen was what always happens, which Is that we we would have figured that that shit out, like, instead of one day would have been in December, like, that's when I figured we were going to have those consequence conversations, like in Q like, money 2020, this year to get to 80 million, just to put in why I'm so floored by this. And then he negotiated the he negotiated the whole sell through piece, I mean, and so we don't need to sell line Pope. We already won him, right? And it's a 5050 partnership that feels like too much for us, like it feels like they're giving us too much, but it's just 5050 what's 5050 every so you know how JP Morgan security services resells almost like the giant fund admin of tradfi for for all the banks, right and the and you know, so every large bank kind of clears and settles Through the fund admin of JP Morgan, security services for big swaths of their business. So money, market funds, mutual funds, ETFs, this is kind of, this was, I assume, kind of like the stuff you were in and around right back in the day, yeah, like, and so all of all of that clearing and settling, which I think we already won, settlement actually by virtue of what we built, what was we were right about that like, like that settle. Settlement was the consensus stupid thing to do, and we avoided it, and thank God. But so JP Morgan today takes fun level and the sub accounting from ssnc that we are replacing, and then also, and then sort of uses it to service and resells it to all of those banks. So it's like Vanguard and fidelity and BlackRock and Morgan and

McLain Southworth  16:23:51
all of them, as has ssnc been notified that they're being replaced

Joseph Guzel  16:23:56
on this yet? They Yeah, they know. They're they're helping. They're helping implement Toms up. Yeah, the one, the one that we don't want to know anything about us, is Broadridge, because I don't know what moves they have for them. It's so much more existential for ssnc. They'll, they'll make them, they'll make money servicing us for a while, and then figure it out, like, but, but, but Adam, really we, we delivered something that nobody else could do, is that, like, like we were so worried about ssnc, like, offering it for free, or doing whatever. And then what I what I didn't realize, is the way that Adam negotiated the pricing, and it made it so that, like you couldn't compete. It wouldn't matter. It wouldn't matter if ssnc quadrupled their budget that they spend to service JP Morgan under the same contract. You they couldn't do it. You can't do it with enough with more humans. It's the Amazon thing, right? Where it's like, how do you, how do you build a bookstore with 3 million skews? You can't do it on the surface area of Disneyland. You can only do it in the new paradigm. And Jeff Bezos said, like, a long time ago, if you're going to do if you're going to build something that's in the new paradigm, then you have to build something that's only possible, the new paradigm, if you're if you can do it in the old paradigm, then don't use the new paradigm. Like, like, if it's your time, you know what I mean, and that's, and he really did that. I mean, I can't believe it. The I guess I didn't realize that the market ran on Hamza today. McClain, like the market ran on not all of it, but what the fuck? What do you mean? While we were going about our days, when we you and I were on the phone earlier, the trades are clearing on Hamza as we're just chilling, yeah, yeah, our Yeah, for now, for like, another month, it's about to be a lot more. Says 700 billion of volume they're loading on at any given time, like, and what Hubert built, like, it's, it's like that, like, you can get it turn it on 4 trillion, nothing like, like, it can take the whole load balance of the entirety of the market.

McLain Southworth  16:26:26
JP, Morgan, I mean, all those shits on prem, right? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:26:29
that's, and that was, that was the, that was the thesis that I told Adam, that I gave to the team, was, like, my contribution was like, Blockchain is Twilio or Okta, and, you know, it can, it can solve for the the historical ledger or the record the transaction problem, the same way that Braintree did for E commerce, bottoms up. Brian and I talked about Braintree made it so that, like when you fly to New Zealand, you don't have to call your bank to tell them that you're flying in New Zealand, so they don't shut off your credit cards, right? That's so that's what it is, right? And then, and then everything settles in t zero, because it's all in the cloud, like you you settle something you know, clear. Settle a transaction immediately. Doesn't take days. It could be instant. And here, like, now that's happening in the market. So now, like, new physics of FinTech become possible in the application layer, and then we have a jump on that. We quite literally have the the whole thing, like, like, like, nobody else. There isn't a single other company on the planet that has us, not even ssnc. Ssnc, no chance. Even has 7 billion of clearance data stored anywhere, because it's not passing through a unified system anywhere we were putting it on our ledger. It's ours. All the synthetic data. Google doesn't have this data. Larry doesn't have this data. People love it, right? Do we have,

McLain Southworth  16:28:07
do we have any statistics or any numbers around what's been processed so far, just with JP Morgan,

Joseph Guzel  16:28:17
they were up to, I believe they're, they're, they're up to 700 billion, or about to be up to 700 billion. It's been billions processed on it already. Yeah, and that's, it's just like a date. It's like a, I guess I think of it like a think of it like a wood chipper. I like, I'm trying to think of an analogy like it can process as much as the market needs it to process on any given day, pending their trades and market activity, right? But it's, it's all day. It's processing, right, clearing and processing, clearing and processing, so the aggregates crazy, and then it's going to make more market activity like it. It's, there's even, like, a probably romantic macroeconomic benefit here from, like, everything's settling real time Tzero, like, you have all the banks can actually do more business, because, like, what I've learned also, it's in like, I've learned this lesson so many times, and then i Nobody ever lives I don't live by it, because it's not you Just forget. But like, it wasn't until Jamie Dimon was like, oh, so I can save all this money, and I can also make way more money and turn this into, like, a big business, finally, because I can do this thing now, I can clear a lot more trades, like a payments company wants to process as many payments as possible, but there's only so many hours in the day, right? And insurance, an insurance company always wants to insure. It's just about pricing and adjudicating risk, right? And it's all just risk. It's all there's always a market for risk if it's priced correctly, and you can clear it and settle it instantaneously. And that's the market. I um, where it's going to get really exciting. It's going to get really exciting with this business man,

McLain Southworth  16:30:23
no, if you can get the other side of the transaction to, you know, current x, we used to our transaction numbers, depending on how you look at it, could have actually been half of what we're claiming. Because when we were claiming transactions and volume, we're claiming both the buy and the sell side, right? Because we were making money on both sides. On one transaction was being one transaction was two revenue streams for us because we had both sides as customers. Oh,

Joseph Guzel  16:30:52
I see. So, yeah, same clearance and settlements happening on both sides, passing through Second Street and then so

McLain Southworth  16:31:00
on. The settlements, we might even be able, depending on how structure should double the volume numbers that we vote people,

Joseph Guzel  16:31:08
yeah, that's what's happening. I mean, that's what's happening here, technically, when, no, not technically, it is happening when, I don't know if it's quite the same actually, that that's the argument for Does, does Adam have to do? We have to go and sell like Morgan Stanley separately, and then that you don't just get them totally within JP, Morgan, you have to get them on both sides to get 100% coverage. But I don't know. I even 700 billion of volume going through that 70% of stripes volume last year. Yeah, right now, on an 85 posts, we're in this thing at a 19 and a half post. We own almost 10% of the business on a $46 million fund. What are SAS multiples right now? You know, let's call it 10x let's say we're at 50 million of recognized revenue this year, with everything else that we don't know, but we know that we're at 20. So it we either returned our fund more than return the fund, well, plus our fees, or, you know, we're at a 1x and I think Adam, like Adam's better than Chris man and all these other guys I've interacted with over the years. He's better than the Jay Shaw's and the in the and all these dudes. We also don't have an ego, which is the best part about zero ego, zero ego and like, he, like, like, like, Adam, when we backed him at the seed, he was coming out of big company mode, so he made all those mistakes with the shitty big company, got kicked out, like, all that shit. And, you know, it's like Steve Jobs coming back for net with next like, he's gonna, he's gonna be able to walk the walk here, like, and don't be, don't be fooled. These guys would not work with him. At JP Morgan, if he wasn't doing that. We just don't see him do it. Like, like, like, at Intuit, it was they love Jason the czar. They did not like Rob Lowe room because, because Jason, like, he could look like a an Intuit executive. You close your eyes, you're like, Oh, this guy's obviously been into it for 10 years, you know, versus Rob comes in, and it's just like, Oh, you, you just don't fit. And that makes a huge fucking difference. But like, I gotta hand it to that rithwik kid. I mean, he did really good work. He did really, really, really good work. Like, just, just like, good like, I mean, it's not even like, good work for a kid or good work for a 23 year old. Like, it's exceptional work. I'm really impressed with it. It's clearly making a difference. Adam just needs to. Adam just needs to do, like, one more push for a couple weeks that it's, it's, it's been interesting to see this kind of, how much of the series B stuff has been the same and but more so like how the markets changed in such a way McLain that like, for me, at least it's, it's Almost like the political spectrum right now. It's like extreme right, extreme left, where, where the the implication was always that these guys would all underwrite the same which was like the B's. The B is also hard to get done, but it's a big difference between like 15 and 50, and now more so they there's less dreamers. Let's put it that way, the dreamers are not that's a different kind of financing. Arsham. Arsham helped a lot, like to kind of unpack that and so, and when we look back at all the bees, by the

McLain Southworth  16:35:21
way, did you see ramp hit 18 billion valuation?

Joseph Guzel  16:35:26
Yeah. And think of how much smaller of a market than what we're doing here with this business like ramp is, ramp is a Jeeves market, right?

McLain Southworth  16:35:38
No, they do more kind of, sorry, $13 billion valuation they so the best example I have is like Reynolds, for example. He has a ramp card that's like tied to his phone, right? And when he goes around and he takes me out, he's got a budget that he can't go over, yeah, through his ramp card, and he pays for it, and immediately it pops up on his phone, and he says, drinks with McLean front Haven ventures, yeah, right. And so it's like predefined budget for him, for his sales, right? And and so that's how they allocate his spending, instead of, like, giving him an unlimited budget and then having him, like, adjudicated end of month and fill out all the expense reports.

Joseph Guzel  16:36:33
Yeah? Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, it's, I guess what I'm saying is, like, is that market bigger than tradfi?

McLain Southworth  16:36:43
And I think it depends, right? Because tradfi is all about volume, it's, it's, but the thing is about track. Fight is you could legitimately have a monopoly in tradfi, right? Like Hamza could potentially have a monopoly.

Joseph Guzel  16:36:59
I think we do. I Yeah, we do, but we could. I mean, I've never, like one of the things that one of the other like things I've noticed over the years is like, I don't think I've ever seen something that actually has, like, true product market fit with it, with one thing, whatever that thing is, if it's like roofer, if it's QuickBooks, if it's you know, if it's your iPhone, if it's chime, what like, like, whether it's the stuff that we live with, or the stuff that that we backed, that that didn't work. When you have it like it's so strong that it always works, because it's just too it's there's just it's too powerful to unhook. I've never seen it like this. I've never, I've never been this on time, like just the right spot, right time, right everything. There was no reason that we, that we should have won this. Like, books will be written about this. It the difference, the difference with this too, man is like the world we were on time and the world he, he, you know, did the right things. Like, it was just all the umami, right? There was us, it was him, it was the the funny, it was all our desperation, everything. It was literally being the only VC were the only VCs that have done one thing consistently, like, like I, you know, and you know, me doing it longer than you, but still, like you doing it tops down me doing it bottoms up. Like, fully been pretty much doing I've only done FinTech and SMB and all that stuff. That's it my whole life. Everybody else does different shit. Nobody else has anything like this, not a QED, not a BCV, nobody. And like, the world changed to where all the value accrued. It started happening last summer with roofer, when the TCV round, when I went to John, I was like, let's value it. Because of talking to Eric vining and folks from our camp looking for comps for that acquisition, the reason I did that, by the way, is, is because I they're going to value, they're going to take, you know, public comps, private comps, M A comps. How many of these companies get bought roofing materials? There's like, four thing here, yeah. So if we sell within five years at roofer, like, that's going to be on a comp sheet to value it. And that was like, let me get the data now. Because,

McLain Southworth  16:40:04
yeah, I always feel like using comps and tech is always a bad metric. Well,

Joseph Guzel  16:40:09
this is for m, a, I mean, yeah, that's what

McLain Southworth  16:40:12
I'm saying. For I always feel like, I always felt like comps are bad metric, because how many companies are doing the identical thing, right? Well,

Joseph Guzel  16:40:21
that's why, that's why like so with, with the with the M and A comps, when they get to like, the multiples that they triangulate against, when you do that, they you get public comps, private comps. So those are the ones that will be that you're you're thinking of, like the stuff we do, right? And then transaction comps, so like, what companies sold for, how much?

McLain Southworth  16:40:41
Yeah, that's, that's what I'm talking about. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:40:46
actually, the last, like, five years there, it's not a lot of m&a,

McLain Southworth  16:40:49
yeah, but I guess that's my point, is, that's great. No, that's not a lot of M and A and then also, like, a direct one for one, for any tech company to another tech company, especially one that's IPO only. I mean, how many of them are that, right?

Joseph Guzel  16:41:05
Well, the market, there's, I mean, there's a lot of you know, you triangulate, but it's but. But the point being, it was, it was last summer, because I was, I was just trying to get the comps for that transaction by Home Depot for the sake of roofer, just to see, you know, because obviously a lot of other work goes into it, right? They'll pull other private comps. And so that's when we started to learn that the or the equity value is accruing, which is to the system of record, your checking accounts, a system of record. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  16:41:38
yeah, that's interesting,

Joseph Guzel  16:41:39
yeah. And so it's like, now, now that is, is, that's what we have. We have this system of record for tradfi. I, and I just didn't realize how much the rest of the market was actually reliant on jpm. Like, I would say things like, that's the central bank. But like, what did I really mean? I'm shocked. I'm shocked there is, there is a greater than 0% chance that, like, this thing could be open. Ai scale, honestly, and so we're rich. Well, not yet. We're about to be knock on wood. I don't need to. I have a five we have five year contracts with extension. All this stuff's figured out. Knock on wood that I was knocking on wood a week ago, I'm not knocking on wood anymore, like I

McLain Southworth  16:42:41
stopped working.

Joseph Guzel  16:42:45
I mean, it's, it's as long as it's 30% better than humans moving the market manually with something that's 50 years old is a business you know, 30% better than Google search is not a business, yeah, because it's already too perfect. And that's when you know that you're that you're not in the right cycle. And like now it's the time for the application layer. Everybody when shield tile drops a YouTube video with Rex, which he did a couple days ago, who she'll from BTV, which I know you think I'm always shitting on show. I really like, feel I like Rex. I like all these guys that have been grew up with them, basically right be. But when shields dropping YouTube videos with Rex, listen to it. And then, you know, and then don't give me any props. But like saying shit that you and I are talking about, which wonders three years ago, and then we have Hamza factually, and the rest of the world is about to find out we won. And I've been fortunate to feel what this part of the roller coaster is like, it's, feels really good. I like what I I felt this several, several times like, like this. And it's like, it's like, Oh, fuck. Like, but this is like, when Magic Mountain dropped Superman, that I remember when that thing hit, how big of a deal?

McLain Southworth  16:44:17
Magic Mountain, you

Joseph Guzel  16:44:19
never went to Six Flags? No,

McLain Southworth  16:44:23
yeah, we had something else on the East Coast.

Joseph Guzel  16:44:25
Yeah, there's the Superman ride, or Ridley's revenge, or, like, those big, like, attraction coasters, like, this is, this is, like, that dude, I'm so fucking excited. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  16:44:36
yeah, yeah, he's, he's doing, he's done a good job. I think it'll be good to get a markup too, if it comes around on this one.

Joseph Guzel  16:44:46
So I think, like, what's, what's probably going to happen, man? Because it's just, just seeing the posturing here and stuff is, like, is what happened on chime, what happened on step, what happened on these, all these other ones over the years, like this is, it's actually going to be lackluster. This be, it'll be the 250 post, yeah,

McLain Southworth  16:45:08
which is what I was expecting it to be, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  16:45:10
And then, and then it will go really, really fast. So, like, I, I think let's try to grab the bull by the horns here. Because the good thing is, all the lps, they don't give a fuck about the Sequoia and stuff. What? This is an underwritable business. Like, like, more so than Jeeves, more so than more so than fucking any this. Underwrites as easy as Andrew rule. And you know, we have five to 10 million of pro rata. And we have, we could showcasing that how

McLain Southworth  16:45:48
much our pro rata is it right now, five to 10 out of, I guess, in this round, or would be,

Joseph Guzel  16:45:53
yeah, well, I guess so. Call it eight, eight and a half. Just make it easy. Call 10% today, fully diluted. And so if it's a 22, $50 million round, or, sorry, 250 so $30 million round, we'd be three, maybe a little bit more. So something, something like five to 10, which I'll package it up and and I won't say SPV or nothing. We could just use the opportunity to give updates to folks. But I think before we do that, you and I gotta figure out what we're doing. Last couple weeks have not been pleasant, to say the least, at least the portfolio is working.

McLain Southworth  16:46:42
Yeah? So, I mean, happy to talk about it. Do you want to talk about

Joseph Guzel  16:46:47
it now? I mean, might as well. Yeah, I'm gonna

McLain Southworth  16:46:51
show I mean, what do you what do you think is going on? I mean,

Joseph Guzel  16:47:01
I think what's going on. I mean, I think what's going on is just maybe it's, it could be, it could be any number of things that are here are the knowables, I guess, right, what? What we know is that there's an imbalance between the two of us that you know was there from the beginning, and then it you know, Fast forward four years of work and and, you know, and without, really working on the business together, I think, in a way that you, that you and I never aligned on any of this stuff. I mean, I think, I think I thought that I just wanted to work with you, and I didn't want to work with you because of coup. I didn't actually think that would give me any leverage, nor did it right. I mean, really, it's, it's, it's, it was more that I just wanted to work with you like I knew that you complimented my like, things that I was missing. I'm very self aware and honest with myself, you know. And so I was, I was like, I was like, I can build with this guy in ways that, in a good way, and we can, like, win in a way that, like, I can't win by myself. And, you know, he can't win by himself, like we kind of need each other in that way to build something meaningful. What I what I wish I would have done, and we would have done is just like way out, you know, like, what the hell we both wanted? You know, because we never, really, we never had that conversation. I think I had a vision for what I wanted to do. Because I'm, I'm the one that took the initiative to be like, alright, this is, I, this is the time. This is this like, let's, let's do it. I think you wanted to do meaningful work and be part of something good and actually have a shot at, like, getting to fucking do something. And I, and I assumed you liked working with me.

McLain Southworth  16:49:36
I mean, yeah, I thought this was gonna be a great option. It's been, obviously, we've, you know, got a good portfolio, I think so I think to rewind a little bit, like, first of all, are you, are you okay? Like, just,

Joseph Guzel  16:50:00
yeah, you're good, yeah, I'm okay. All right, you good,

McLain Southworth  16:50:05
yeah, well, no, I'm but I'm more talking about, like, I mean, you definitely get stressed sometimes, but there's, there's, there definitely are moments where I'm Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:50:19
yeah. It was certainly a moment of clarity for me this year. Like, I know I've been stressed sometimes, but how could I not be? You know, yeah, there's I'm not working 18 hours a day because I enjoy it, nor did I have to do that before at scale businesses, you know, you know, I've been, kind of been doing a lot of this stuff by myself, man, like, like, not totally, you're, you've been here, but, like, it's been me over here doing it, and they and I knew it would have to be like that. I just didn't know, I guess, I guess maybe you didn't know that it would have to be like that. Maybe it didn't really have to, it didn't have to be this hard because, like, it just, it's felt, it's felt like I'm building this business and and you're trying to build like yourself, which I totally understand, like finding yourself and as a VC, and like,

McLain Southworth  16:51:29
I think I'm trying to find myself as a VC. Well, I

Joseph Guzel  16:51:33
always get back to like, do you even do? Even do, even like it because, because I got here on process of elimination. I always say like, because it's true. Like, I didn't know I wanted to do this. I didn't know it existed until I was 20, right? Or, sorry, I like

McLain Southworth  16:51:51
it a lot, and I think was what I'm doing and and the way I'm doing it, I think, I mean, part of the reason why I asked the question is, I mean, I, I know you, you think that I reached out to all of your friends. I didn't reach out to your friends.

Joseph Guzel  16:52:17
I mean, will, will

McLain Southworth  16:52:19
reached out to me and, and he's not the, he's not the first one, and, and it's and, and it's been tough, because I feel like you've been put like I it's hard to communicate via slack, but I feel like you're, you think that for some reason I am like, causing this and driving this, and it's just not the case. It's, it's people are worried about you, and I'm, I'm worried about you, and a lot of what will said is certainly true, and he's not the first person that I've heard it from. And this is not us, like, attacking you. It's not me trying to, like, create some conspiracy. I was trying to play dumb with will. But I do get these phone calls a lot about you. Um,

Joseph Guzel  16:53:13
it's a lot for one person to handle, you know, but also it's, I've been working, you know, I've been, I've been working so much for four years straight. And it's, it's just, it's just too much, like it's, it's, you know, I've, I have, I'm only human, and I did, like, an impossible thing, really, by myself, which then it comes down to like, I don't, I don't. I don't want to get into the whole like, will like and all that, and all the conversations that I had after the case, because I just don't feel like that's productive.

McLain Southworth  16:53:56
Like, well, it's more of because

Joseph Guzel  16:54:00
I like, I, you know, there's a lot there that is deeply upsetting that I uncovered very carefully. You know, it's a lot this, this year is easier to deal with in so many ways just because I'm I don't have 17 things going on. I'm not living in an Airbnb, which I was from 2020 to I didn't own furniture McLean until last February. It's, it's, it's easy to forget I didn't own a bed. I had $100 desk and a computer and and, you know, had all my chips on the table, you know, I yeah, I'm not trying to massive financial burden, like, for my I'm

McLain Southworth  16:54:48
really trying to, I'm really trying to say this in a way where I'm not trying to be, like, I'm not trying to blame you. I'm not trying to do any of this stuff. And I hope you, I hope you don't take because you have taken a lot of offense and say a lot of put a lot of personal attacks towards me when I've been just trying to explain the situation where I'm coming from. But it's I mean, because, you know, I think sometimes you get into where these modes are, and it's, it's really hard for people to kind of follow along and kind of be part of your journey in a lot of a lot of ways, right? Um, and it gets complicated and convoluted. And so if you just, if you flash back to, like, when things kind of soured, at least in the last two, three weeks. You know,

Joseph Guzel  16:55:48
it really started in 2023,

McLain Southworth  16:55:51
but, yeah, but I'm talking about the last three, four weeks here. You know, we were trying to get the Corgi, Opal Luna thing, Corgi happening in opluma. And then you kept coming back to me and saying, like, well, they agreed to this. And then I was, I would talk to Brian. He's like, Well, you know, I talked to him, and it was just kind of really hard to figure out what the conversation was. But I, you know, I think he's just, we do this, and then I talked to you, and then you'd be like, Oh, well, he agreed to this, right? And I was on the same call with him, and I don't remember you agreeing to it, right? So this is that's just some context. And so it kind of went back and forth, and it was happening with Appala as well, and they were all just totally lost, which is why I was like, Hey, I'm just going to take over, right? Just take over the just making it. Because I know that there's a lot of term sheets you wanted to send

Joseph Guzel  16:56:48
out. There's a lot of things that you wanted to do, yeah, but, but this is not to interrupt you, but like, like, it's because I already i i had to make sure that I wasn't actually crazy, right? Because when you when you get told that you're crazy by I've never told you that you're crazy, but people that I love told me that I'm crazy because of suggestions that I am. I guess, like a different question,

McLain Southworth  16:57:13
what do you what are the suggestions that you're getting that you're crazy? Well,

Joseph Guzel  16:57:16
crazy is when everybody's asking you, what the hell's wrong with you? And then nobody realizes that, but they do now that, like, if this imbalance exists between our working dynamic and that I just have a lot more experience than you, and so there's a lot more responsibility that I have to make sure that, like, we're all doing a good job right. And then on top of that, I do most of the work. And have you know, because that's just what it is. And then we don't have a team or anything. And so there it is like and that and that. Like, for example, you haven't made an effort to try to, like, alleviate that burden. For me,

McLain Southworth  16:58:08
I have been trying to

Joseph Guzel  16:58:10
have you come down regularly, to try

McLain Southworth  16:58:13
to, I mean, I would love to come down. I'm not going to come down when you're yelling at me, demanding that I have to come down. That's not how I'm going to come down.

Joseph Guzel  16:58:20
Well, I've been asking this for years. Oh no, but

McLain Southworth  16:58:23
that's not, that's not how a partnership works. You don't demand and tell me I have to do something. Have not demanded you did. That's why I said I wasn't going to come down. That's why

Joseph Guzel  16:58:32
for years, I've been, I've been I've been clearly needing, we clearly need it because you're because I'm, I can't do it all by myself and and if there isn't here, then it's okay. Like I want you, I've always wanted you to just be able to do whatever the heck you want and like, be happy and create something here with me, that where we can both get what we want. And I think I've proven that over the years to all of the sacrifice that I've given, that that the fact that the fact that the entire industry, like I I go so far out of my way all of these years to my own pain, like, when I'm when I'm the one feeling the pain where I'm, like, where everybody perceives you as 100% like, even above me, like, I put you above me, that, like some of the conversations I've had recently, just to because I had to, I got put in a position where I had to, you know, defend my, defend myself like this. It's just, it's where, where they, where people are shocked to hear just like, basic stuff, like, you know, it's yeah, the claim doesn't really come down here. It's really just, you know me, I have, I had 20 board seats when we spun out. I have had 20 board seats since McLean wasn't really like a full stack investor in Haven or, sorry, at cross link, but like we're that's not what we're building here. We're building a company. So we partnered together like so naturally I have the burden of more board seats, so we haven't hired because McClain and I can't seem to align on what an associate is. So like, no, McLean had never actually had to do that. But it's, it's and it's like all this stuff where it's like, where Pete and then people like, holy crap, oh. And then it's like a white washes over them and they see even my own wife, even Ashley, didn't quite get it right, so and so like so, I guess with that context, would you say that, like, I get into these modes, or would you say that you let me down?

McLain Southworth  17:00:51
I would say that you get into these modes.

Joseph Guzel  17:00:54
You didn't let me down.

McLain Southworth  17:00:57
Joe, the days where you're working till three o'clock in the morning. Well,

Joseph Guzel  17:01:04
who's supposed to do the work if you're not doing it? McClain, okay, so you're not going to listen to me. Well, you have opinions. You're trying to deflect. Yet again, I'm

McLain Southworth  17:01:13
not. I'm not trying to deflect. I'm trying to tell you exactly where.

Joseph Guzel  17:01:17
It's not for me problem. It's an us problem, right? It's not gonna it's not my attitude changing. It's not about your attitude, Joe, well, what is it? Then? It's because I've done nothing but respect you, okay? But

McLain Southworth  17:01:34
and then you think I'm trying to insult you here, I'm not trying to insult you here. I am worried about you.

Joseph Guzel  17:01:42
I'm not that. Don't be worried. Worry worry about like, worry about what we do going forward, because that's all that really matters. I don't need a conversation about like, because I'm so hurt by all this,

McLain Southworth  17:01:57
what did I again? What did I do?

Joseph Guzel  17:02:00
I mean, dude, you called John. You called, well, you called. I went through a whole thing here. Will Call me. Will

Unknown Speaker  17:02:10
call me.

McLain Southworth  17:02:12
Brandon called me. They called me. They called me Joe. I think it's took

Joseph Guzel  17:02:23
care of this backwards and forwards, and figured everything out. Okay, it's

McLain Southworth  17:02:29
so you're saying that I'm lying, that I called will, and you think that I did call John, yes, and that I called Brandon. You think I called those two people?

Joseph Guzel  17:02:42
Oh, you got calls from will? We got calls from you? I talked to everybody at length and explained this how this was a lot of work for me. I had to do, yeah,

McLain Southworth  17:02:49
but again, who do you think I called? Well,

Joseph Guzel  17:02:55
why did you do it? What did I do? I didn't start this. Well you did by picking up the phone and

McLain Southworth  17:03:05
Joe, I get calls about you almost daily.

Joseph Guzel  17:03:10
I could I should be giving calls. I should have been telling the truth about you instead of think about, I shared my track record with you so that people with that you were you don't

McLain Southworth  17:03:23
have any dpi.

Joseph Guzel  17:03:24
Yes, I do. You don't. You do not have any dpi. I do. You don't. I do. I'm sorry, I do.

McLain Southworth  17:03:33
You don't. People across like a dpi, you don't have any dpi. Well, you don't. We need this is part of, this is part of the issue is that you have such a big ego, and people really

Joseph Guzel  17:03:45
ego of you to like to experience as an investor, when you never sat on boards and you never will show you were 1099 you were 1099 in IR, okay, this is like you and I are not the same, but stop trying to gaslight you like I am not guessing because I did enough of it. I'm not going to do that anymore. I'm not going to let you share my experiences, if this is how you're going to act. Hey, Joe McLean, McLean, were you 1099 in IR, yes, or no, I was not 1099 Yes, you were. I just confirmed by Maureen again, just to make sure I'm not crazy. So I was w2 okay, well, McLean, dude, you were not a fucking you're not the same as me. I'm sorry. Why did you have to be a dick about? Here's the gist of it, Joe, why does it have to be a dick about instead of thinking,

McLain Southworth  17:04:40
people have noticed and it's a problem, okay, right? You need to get help. No, I don't. You really need to get help. Every single time you've been up until 3am is because you're on the phone with people for four hours straight. That is not sustainable. No one wants to be on the phone for four hours. I

Unknown Speaker  17:04:56
know it would be nice if I could have, you know, done the thing I know how to do, like

McLain Southworth  17:05:00
never seen you be. All you've done

Speaker 1  17:05:02
is be a blocker on everything you have not actually helped all the time. Who gives a fuck? You don't do the work, you don't help run the business. You're not like so we shouldn't be equal partners. Then, man, because we're not equal.

McLain Southworth  17:05:17
Joe, you need, I'm telling you, you need to get help. Please. You have.

Joseph Guzel  17:05:27
I can't believe this is your, this was your, after all that shit. I can't believe this is what you're doing. I

McLain Southworth  17:05:36
Joe, it is not just coming from me.

Speaker 1  17:05:41
Think if you're delusional, if you think that I'm the arrogant one when you have been gallivanting. I never said that like you had all these experiences across.

McLain Southworth  17:05:52
You have egos, and it's really you are insecure about your I am talking about literally everyone that calls me constantly,

Speaker 1  17:06:04
okay, okay, okay, this gas lighting is going to stop you. Are you have this hat, this, I cannot keep living with this gaslighting because you sit and you gaslight me and you tell me, I have to fucking do this, this and that, then you don't do any fucking work. Okay, Joe, at the end of the day, somebody has to do the work. Man, I tried.

McLain Southworth  17:06:26
Oh, I tried. I tried for four years. Only did it get worse. This is only gonna get worse. Just for the sake of your future, just, please, get some help. Please.

Unknown Speaker  17:06:36
Please. McClain,

Speaker 1  17:06:38
why? Why are you? Why are you insistent on just continuing to charade here, I'm not no charade, Joe.

McLain Southworth  17:06:48
I am on the phone constantly.

Unknown Speaker  17:06:51
How am I the arrogant one when I catch him in lies, just constantly.

Speaker 1  17:06:58
Man, okay, you do things like calling John to tell him that the rhythmic role is canceled, or whatever, like, what did I lie about? You called him

McLain Southworth  17:07:09
and also nuts because you are nuts. You tried to know this. You behind my back. You know, it's not you know all your kids call. You know my lawyer, direct manager. You know, you know, you know. The lawyers required me to call rithwick and tell him that any role, any offer that you give him without my acknowledgement, is not valid. I had to call them. They legally required me to do that because you decided that you wanted to go behind my back to try to hire someone that's

Joseph Guzel  17:07:39
not going behind your back. I was well within my I told you, I told

McLain Southworth  17:07:42
you all along that I'm not on board, no, but you haven't been on board with any hiring, Joe, because you

Unknown Speaker  17:07:51
need no

McLain Southworth  17:07:56
anyone into this environment.

Unknown Speaker  17:07:58
For many years now, been on board with hiring five

McLain Southworth  17:08:01
people saying that I should not let you hire people. This is me asking anyone. This is people that know you calling me, saying, What? And I had a lot more people

Unknown Speaker  17:08:12
not to partner with you, and I did it anyways.

McLain Southworth  17:08:17
I'm telling you, I'm telling you hungered around on me, and you're just trying to claim that I'm trying to sabotage why don't we just

Joseph Guzel  17:08:27
slow down here. Slow down. Okay, so slow it down. Let's, let's just focus on, not what people are calling you and stuff. Let's just focus on the business. Okay, I don't want to talk about me. Okay, I don't want to talk about you. Like, what it why is it that for a few years, like, we can't seem to align on hiring and and that, that was a question that I had, right? And so, you know, I keep impeccable notes, right? And I look back, and I was like, I was like, oh, you know, it's funny. Like, McLean actually was like, the first one to try to push for hiring here, true? Yeah, it is true. Yeah, I never said that. It wasn't. That's the difference. That's, that's me. I can admit truths and things I did wrong and this and that I don't, it doesn't matter, right? And then I'm like, I'm like, Oh, yeah. And then I guess the first time was, like, last was summer of, like, late summer 2023 he had suggested, like, bringing a principal on, and whatever that meant, which that's, you know, that's a whole nother thing, but not being aligned on, on hiring, or like, company building candidly and like, Okay, why did like, Why did I, why did I say no in 2023, and I was trying to let, I was trying to think, and I was like, I guess it was, I was rightly so, just really concerned about money. I mean, I've, you know, there, there. It was 2023, it's like, just closed the fund after three years of grueling shit, especially for me, because I had to do everything right with the spin out, even.

McLain Southworth  17:10:33
But it was about me.

Joseph Guzel  17:10:36
No, no, no. It's just like, it's just a lot of work, man, and a lot of risk for me, like that, I that I'm not saying anything about, like, your your financial situation or whatever, pointing at that. It's just like it's just different, man, like it's different for me,

McLain Southworth  17:10:49
you know, you know, I make less now than I did at the end of

Joseph Guzel  17:10:51
processing, yeah, but you also, you have a whole infrastructure. I'm not trying to say that, that that's bad. I

Speaker 1  17:11:00
it's just, dude, they make way less than I than I did. You know, ever

McLain Southworth  17:11:05
keep pushing this narrative that you took a pay cut and I didn't?

Joseph Guzel  17:11:10
Well, I did take a massive pay cut. I don't know if you did okay, maybe you were at the same cut that. Yeah, it's not just about the money that I was, I was, I'm really talking about, like, the jobs, okay, like, we didn't have the same job. We just didn't, okay, so, but, like, man, it's, you know, it's, it's hard, it's hard to do that. It's hard, you know, I'm, not a young dude. I'm trying to get my life going. That it was, it was a startup risk for me, that in a way, you didn't maybe, if you hadn't moved in with with loose and stuff like, maybe it would have been a little bit different. And I know you had your own different challenges. Obviously, you got married, you walked isla. There's, I don't envy it, just like you don't envy this. It's not like I look at you like you're in some golden tower or something, you know. I hope that's clear, but it's like, yeah, it's a, you know, I knew what a good principal would would cost, or, like, you know, any associate or anything like that. And at the time, it's like, just trying to catch up get, you know, a wedding around the corner, things, it's, I've always had to pay for everything myself, man. And it was like, I gave up. I gave up a very big salary to pursue the thing that was my dream, which was this, and that's why I did it. Otherwise I wouldn't have and then you know, I get reminded them, like, you know, it's not my first rodeo. So some of this stuff is muscle memory, like I and I love, I love this business so much. It's all I think about ventures, kind of all I think about. I don't have any hobbies. And so, like, Oh, I've been this higher a few times, you know, like, cross cut, when they when they're, like, ramping up through the fundraise, cross link, when they're ramping up through the generator transition you hire ahead of, like, into the wave, you know, paddling into the into the wave to catch it for the work to come to scale. And it didn't happen, you know? And then last year, as my life was falling apart with my mom, you know, which you were, what you were, super supportive and helpful with, by the way, it's not like anything gave you know, it's not like I that all that stuff would have been a lot easier if I would have had a rift wick. Because I know I can get they can get shit done. Like it's, it's, they'll do the shit that has to get done, like the stand up till two in the morning with Adam to do a data room to get to drive value here. I don't have to be on people or micromanage it or do it myself, you know. And then the vortex, like, when I think of like, where we're at right now, it's where we would have been this time last year, had I not had moved into a place with my wife. You know, after having been with her for years and engaged already at that point for a year and a half, had I not had all my life batch processing in a single year? Like it was, that's it was a lot. It was a lot like, and then on top of it, like, like, when that happened to you in 2022 in a way like you, your 2022 could have been a lot like my 2024 but you had me, that's the difference. I was, I would have never let that happen to you, and I didn't. And it's kind of funny that I was heading into this year, like, entirely like, Oh my God. We're gonna have to, like, pull off another 2022, here, but totally get it. Like, you know, it is what it is. He would do it for me. And I'm like, I I guess not like, but I don't understand

McLain Southworth  17:15:18
what you're trying to say that. Well, it's

Joseph Guzel  17:15:21
you, you, you know, like, let's say you and I are in the same, like, life position, right? And you're living next door to me, and everything is all the same, and you're also from Bakersfield, like a partnership is, you know, my buddy gets engaged, married and has a kid in 2022 the year that we're starting a business and heading into the worst market environment that we'll ever see in our lives. Hopefully, that never seemed to end. And you know, I'm coming into it with a ton of board seats and stuff that I

McLain Southworth  17:15:53
agree that you shouldn't have these board seats. That's

Joseph Guzel  17:15:57
not what I'm talking about. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about the board seats. Board seats are. That's the job to say that I shouldn't have board seats like, saying we shouldn't do

McLain Southworth  17:16:08
venture like but I think we could board seats, by the way. I

Joseph Guzel  17:16:11
think, I think, look, we kind of have like things become less responsibility over time, as as, like, Hamza is not going to be as hard as it was the last five years, but you don't get hams unless I do what I did over the last five years. And Adam would attest to that, right? And, and, and so, yeah, and so it's just like, like, if you're in the same position as me, Perry pass who like, I just, I put it on my back, because it's, like, that's what you have to do in a partnership. I have 2024, rolls around and, like, the business is in the same spot that it was in before, because I didn't move the ball. Like, like, it's, you know, I I, it's just there's there's I, I, you know, I've been working with my I knew what to expect from like, the day to day work. But, and that's again, it's not, I didn't partner with you because you work as hard as me, or, like, you knew all the same stuff, or whatever. Like, I'm not we, we have facts, history here, moderately insulting the people off the street saying that I don't work because I work a fucking lot. Yeah, you do. Like, that's in i But there's, there's just, it's not like, you don't do stuff, man, it's that. It's the consistency, and it's like, the this, the decisions that have to get made, like, the actual, there's stuff, and it's not like, I want to do it and shit, like, but it's got to get done. And it's just, like, running, it's just run a business. And, like, we could have, we could have fixed a lot of these things,

McLain Southworth  17:17:56
but this is, but this is, this is kind of part of the problem, right? Because a lot of times you you, you take things into isolation, and then I have no idea, I have no idea that they're a problem, until they are a problem. You know, last year kind of going into this year, you know, we had five term sheets that we had to write, and I real every time I talk to you, and this is not a knock on you, but it was just like, Oh, I've got a lot on my plate. There's stuff that they need to get done. And it's just like, these term sheets should be the easiest thing to do, right? They're not. They're actually, they're not this. We shouldn't be stressing on the hard stuff or on the easy stuff.

Joseph Guzel  17:18:39
The term sheets are incredibly important. The rest of the stuff is easy because you do that correctly. I mean, there's, there's a reason,

McLain Southworth  17:18:46
valuation, how much you want to invest, that's what you got to figure out. Go look at Andreessen Horowitz his term sheets. They had the same one for every single company, or pre seed, seed stage company.

Joseph Guzel  17:18:57
I And look, that's a valid point. There are some things that can be streamlined, but there are some aspects of the business that it's what gives a competitive edge in the business of very few, very few things you can control and really differentiate yourself at here. Yeah, there's, you know, as you're kind of realizing too, like, not everybody actually has domain expertise, but even less people have actual especially from our cohort, our generation, whatever you want to call it, of investors, like, they are not classically trained man, like, like, Will. And these guys are not, they didn't get trained by folks as good as we had the privilege of working with who just really fucking taught us shit and and it shows, it shows in the work like it,

McLain Southworth  17:19:58
yeah, but I think, I mean, I think getting to a deal. I mean, there's so many other things I feel like we could be spending effort on. It's just like, I was just like, let's get these so much streamline them, which is why I was, like, trying to take them off of your baby, and then you blew up to add me, like, as if I was, like, trying to pretend you kept I think your words were, why are you trying to pretend like you're the venture capital expert? That's just like, I'm just trying to get these done. This stuff is easy. This is the easy stuff to do. Let's move this off and focus on the things that we should spend time. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  17:20:31
I and every single time

McLain Southworth  17:20:35
you blow up, I started knowing about how you're the venture capital

Joseph Guzel  17:20:39
well, so I agree that, you know, I blow up and the how that I say things must really, like, definitely like, irks you. And it's not, it's not how I used to be, right? And it's just, it's a guy who is kind of at his wits end, but then, you know, just, just a reset. But the, and I apologize for that because, but also, like, I've tried, I've tried everything, you know, it's, it's one thing. If it's like Joe, like you only like everything's a nail and you're a hammer. Like, I've really made an effort over the last four years to do everything I possibly could, self sacrificially or otherwise, to, like create, because I had a historical context here, from working with you to show that like to do the uncomfortable, unnecessary shit, to make sure that like I was bringing along on the journey that I was trying to communicate and framing things in a way that like gave you, you Know, whatever it is you needed to feel good and stuff and like, in, in, like, like, I did everything there, the times, the times I appreciate it is come

McLain Southworth  17:22:09
along on this journey for that. Well,

Joseph Guzel  17:22:12
well, no, I didn't. I didn't start this business to have to, like, do all this extra work for somebody that I already known and been working with, and that for anyone. Well, I've been doing it for a long time, I

McLain Southworth  17:22:24
know and but this is, this is what, this is my point. And I did want to, I did want to hire, yeah, this is my point. Is, I think you unnecessarily take things on that you don't need to give up.

Joseph Guzel  17:22:37
Well, well, things had to get done correctly, man, like you can't outsource this work. It's just, it's just a fact. I mean, not this kind of venture. I

McLain Southworth  17:23:02
um,

Joseph Guzel  17:23:06
necessary, if I, if I look man, if I could, if I thought that, you know, aspects of doing this job, what on the deal side? Let's say because, because you're right in that we could have outsourced a lot of things, particularly like the things that are non value add to the job, like the back office and stuff reserves and reserves, if you didn't notice, like, I had to do them because, like, you do them, whether you're cross link or whether you're Haven reserves. I agree, it's important. I agree, but I you know, but for every, for every time I for every hour I've spent doing something like, let's say the audit or close or whatever, like is, is, there's been three hours over the years, and I've gone and I've actually, like, legitimately audited all my records, right, just to make sure, like, because I want to be honest with myself, it's like, there's, it's like, a one to three ratio of of these kinds of conversations that I have, have to have with you to convince you about something that you should just like, you should actually take my word for it more or give me the benefit of

McLain Southworth  17:24:26
your word. I don't, I don't understand what you're saying. Take the word on what Well, with

Joseph Guzel  17:24:30
respect to like, why we do things a certain way, because I've just done them before I was, I was definitely undersold in my career. But it's like, because I've just, I've done these things before, and it's not that I know everything. I just have the experience. And so I'm just trying to set aside. So instead of, like, fighting me on everything, I'm not fighting

McLain Southworth  17:24:49
you. I am. I'm literally trying to find ways to do our job. Well,

Joseph Guzel  17:24:53
I mean, just explaining. I'm explaining on, based on literal fact of every single,

McLain Southworth  17:25:00
right, every time like, I make a suggestion, you flip out and start yelling about how you're the venture capital expert.

Joseph Guzel  17:25:05
No, well, I'm talking, I'm talking through the course of our, our entire partnership here. I mean, I got, I have everything gone back from like, March of 2021, man. And so I'm just trying to be like, really honest with like, with like, what, what are we good at? What are we? What were we not because, because we this was a, this was a team that, from day one, it was supposed to be stronger, because we had a historical basis of working with each other that other folks don't have, right, that other co founding teams don't have in this industry, usually, and that there, there is a, you know, that would not only allow us to make better investment decisions, which, you know, I think we made good investment decisions together, which we're always together, right? Like it's, you know, that's I, you you like that that at least worked well, because it's, it's, it lives in debate, like, like, getting to consensus leads to mediocrity and and it's, it's in that kind of in between that you get, you get something special, usually, but the stuff that should be entirely consensus, like, what does a good associate look like? Joe? Well, one of us did all that stuff and the other one didn't. So like, like, if the tables returned entirely, right? And I had been like the one that came in through kind of a different experience, but everything Perry pass you, I'm Joe, you're McLean. You're just the one with more experience on the other stuff, I would just be like, I would just be like, what like, whatever you think like, what do you need me to do, to like, enable you to make the best decision for us, right?

Unknown Speaker  17:26:52
What

McLain Southworth  17:26:54
do you think my hesitation is with hiring, about ric, it's not

Joseph Guzel  17:26:58
only rific, I think you actually are. Don't have much of a hesitation with it. I mean, I think it's, you're going to say that I'm the hesitation. But, I mean, you know, it's, it's business and into everything, like, if we don't, if we don't hire, it's like one of us is before past this level. Everyone has it, and we're both rational humans. What

McLain Southworth  17:27:28
have you scaled a firm pass this level,

Joseph Guzel  17:27:33
cross cut and cross cut for like, a year, right? So, so would you say that I don't know what I'm doing because I don't, I really don't have any

McLain Southworth  17:27:42
medical proof anymore to anybody. No, you keep these statements that I know are true. Well,

Joseph Guzel  17:27:49
well then what what is what is true about me then because I don't like I if, sorry. like, I'm not well, I'm no, I'm very confused by this. Like, why? Why? Why don't you like anything that comes out of my mouth when I'm giving a

McLain Southworth  17:28:05
suggestion about the business, but I think it kind of ties into it where you say, because if you talk to

Joseph Guzel  17:28:10
the founders, if you talk to the founders, or if you talk to the founders, or are like, go call Jim Foy or something. Like, like, what they're they're not going to, like, treat me like this, like, because you just want me to be I get this. No, no. Well, you're always, you're always doing this. Like, like, you didn't do this, you didn't do that. It's like, well, what do you what do you think I shouldn't have to defend myself like, I'm not saying

McLain Southworth  17:28:42
that you didn't work at crosscut. I'm just saying though, well, wait, what do you know you

Unknown Speaker  17:28:48
were at crosscut? You weren't there. You don't know anything. Here's the

McLain Southworth  17:28:51
frustrating thing. Is that you use experience to to create authority, to tell me why

Speaker 1  17:28:57
experience gives authority on subjects that you just because you don't have it. I never treated you less than but you just want to discredit me on everything, and it doesn't. It's not helpful.

McLain Southworth  17:29:09
We're junior at crosscut for a year. That doesn't mean that you scaled a venture fund, and you can tell me how it's done and use it as evidence. Well,

Joseph Guzel  17:29:17
how do you, how do you think I knew how to do a lot of this stuff, McLean, like, it's just like, like, so, so are you, are you saying that experience doesn't matter? I

McLain Southworth  17:29:27
didn't say that at all, but it's what you're suggesting. Doesn't

Joseph Guzel  17:29:32
matter. What does matter? Like, because, because all that seems you're always very quick to rush to this, like, well, you're not as good as well. You're like, I'm not. I'm never saying I'm better than you. You're always defensive and deflecting.

McLain Southworth  17:29:48
Experience is very important. What I'm saying is when you leverage experience to make a point, and it's not necessarily relevant, because the experience is not that relevant. Okay, so then,

Joseph Guzel  17:30:00
so then let's just focus on the associate thing. Then, okay, do you have experience being a venture associate and interviewing for the jobs and doing the throws? I don't. Okay, so how would you how would we've approached this differently than you know

McLain Southworth  17:30:17
it's it's not the hiring process. I'm questioning, well, I am questioning the higher experience running hiring processes. I tried, I tried pausing it, and then you tried to force it through. I'm

Joseph Guzel  17:30:28
not talking general with making the this kind of

McLain Southworth  17:30:32
I hope you did talk to Cooley. They did tell you that you can't hire someone without my permission, because I did talk to Priya, plenty

Joseph Guzel  17:30:40
of conversations with Cooley, yes, plenty, plenty, plenty. And so

McLain Southworth  17:30:46
that's not what I'm saying. Jill, it's not, it's not questioning whether you can hire an Associates, whether we should hire an associate right now.

Joseph Guzel  17:30:54
Well, okay, based on your opinion, given where we're at with the fund, right? What? What's your informed opinion with respect to how to scale this business, to manage, to manage, to manage more capital, and to and to also give the owners who are equal, yet not working

McLain Southworth  17:31:21
equally. So this is, this is where you have to fucking stop. Well,

Joseph Guzel  17:31:25
guess what, dude, it's a fact, okay, and I, and I'm tired of like, you have to, you have to have a thicker ego than that, because it's You can't sit there, you know, on the plane, you can't sit there and and be so mean, mean to me and my family. Like, I'm not humanized for you. I'm not a virtual assistant. I'm, I'm, I'm the main one. Well, yeah, it's, it's, it's so fucking disrespectful. And just, I'm hurt by you, man, like, I can't believe it. I can't believe that you, that you do this to me, and then why are you just No, well, it's dude, it's just respectful because you, I'm your fucking equal partner. All right? You. And unless you're gonna put in the equal unless you're putting in the equal work,

Speaker 1  17:32:16
which can look like a lot of things, then you're equally contributing to the business. No, there's a difference between time spent. You're you are not efficient with your time whatsoever. That that excuse is ridiculous, because the data shows it. My friend, I've

McLain Southworth  17:32:33
never been on a phone call for four hours. Well, guess what?

Speaker 1  17:32:37
McLean, you've also never manufactured a Hamza, okay, neither have you. Yes, I have. I just did.

McLain Southworth  17:32:45
We'll see. But Joe, right, this

Unknown Speaker  17:32:48
is, this is part of the

McLain Southworth  17:32:53
problem is that you take, you're literally resting every single world that you have on Hamza, and that's why everyone should bow down to your feet. I even saw

Speaker 1  17:33:03
you. I would never ask someone to bow down to my feet, but, but you pulled the air.

McLain Southworth  17:33:09
You should be saying thank you to me, it was just like, who does this? Who does

Joseph Guzel  17:33:15
this with the folks that you don't have, which is why our founders all get this like, like they as, I've as I've talked to our founders, which I've had to do, obviously, right? And explain what's going on with Haven Okay, and the working dynamics and stuff, right? For the seasoned, it's obvious, like, like the Adams, for the Matts, the matt Talbots and the newer folks who you know, countless, how to countless, those guys dropped their business to work and work with us. You know, surprising, but then, you know, entirely relatable, right? Weird, first of all, that you

McLain Southworth  17:33:57
have that conversation, but every single conversation I did, of course, with Matt, he's like, Well, I just got off a four hour phone call with Joe. Yeah, cool, yeah. He didn't, he wasn't complaining, but he seemed frustrated. Well,

Joseph Guzel  17:34:11
it's hard building businesses. This is part of the problem. Well, look, you know, everything's communicated at this point. So I'm not, I'm not like part pointing to a problem with our founders that they didn't realize what the what the root of the problem was.

McLain Southworth  17:34:30
I, I also gotten complaints from our founders. Oh,

Joseph Guzel  17:34:34
I'm sure you have, yeah, but those same founders will go to battle about,

McLain Southworth  17:34:39
about about you, about how you get on the phone with them constantly and just talk at them and you don't let them speak.

Joseph Guzel  17:34:48
Yeah, I'm sure TJ probably said some shit. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  17:34:52
no, I haven't talked to TJ. Look, I don't

Speaker 1  17:34:55
give a fuck about that. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but, but I don't I this is, this is not, this is not the point. McLean, the point is, the issue is, do you think that you've been putting in the same amount of effort as I have?

McLain Southworth  17:35:10
I think I've been putting in now that the results are in. I do.

Joseph Guzel  17:35:17
How? So prove it. I don't have to prove it to you. Well, you really do, because there's a scoreboard and there's we can only move forward here. So, so, so why? Why? Why do you think that you deserve

Speaker 1  17:35:33
the equal credit here and the equal everything when and why have you not helped me more? Man, Joe,

McLain Southworth  17:35:40
I help you way more than you. Know that I help you.

Unknown Speaker  17:35:43
Okay, I'd love to know how you help me. I having this

McLain Southworth  17:35:47
conversation with you right now, instead of just saying, you, I'm never talking to you

Speaker 1  17:35:51
again. Well, I was. Man, I mean, it's, it's so disrespectful that you that you would, that you wouldn't even consider coming down with your equal partner. Everything after everything we've been through after every sacrifice for you,

McLain Southworth  17:36:10
okay, Joe, if you actually asked me to come down, said it was important to me, I would have done it. What you did the other week was, when you're trying to demand

Speaker 1  17:36:17
it, I'm not going to come down. Why have you never taken initiative? Why have you never taken initiative to, like, make my life easier the way that I made

McLain Southworth  17:36:23
your life every single time we're in person, we don't get anything

Joseph Guzel  17:36:27
done because we, I mean, don't, don't get down that rabbit hole. We don't get anything done because you're because, because we're for some reason, I'm building this business with you, like, outside of your family's family office, like I didn't sign up for that, but I don't want, I don't want to do that. I don't want you distraction get no work done, and I'm the one that's been flying up constantly for years to get no avail. Like, just the other week, I'm flying up and you're arguing with your wife in the goddamn conference room. It's just ridiculous when I don't what? Well, let's see it, because you've been, because you've been working on Apple Luna now for like, 90 days, and I had to underwrite both those deals for you, by the way, we didn't show Joe McClain, I need to pull up the fucking audio

McLain Southworth  17:37:15
records. This is, this is the problem. You take so much credit for that it should have been an

Speaker 1  17:37:21
easy fucking drill sheet, dude. I can just pull up the audio records and everything and just

McLain Southworth  17:37:28
That's my point, though. Is that you don't

Speaker 1  17:37:32
McLean. You have to be consistent. You don't get fucking credit for just bringing something. You're not a dog, bringing a bird to the point. But

McLain Southworth  17:37:39
take easy things and you make them, no,

Speaker 1  17:37:42
you try to make hard things easy, and you want and then you complain. You can put you're not, you're ungrateful. You're

McLain Southworth  17:37:50
just ungrateful. There is so much audio. Is the problem I'm talking about.

Speaker 1  17:37:55
Thank God there is thank God. There is God there like, Thank God there is man. It's just

McLain Southworth  17:38:04
a term sheet. There shouldn't be that much. That's the whole point. There is way too much conversation. They were getting frustrated because you were on the phone with them telling them that they agreed to stuff both of them.

Joseph Guzel  17:38:21
I checked all that, huh? I checked all that. You, you were on the phone when we made a lot of these, Brian. And then when I called Brian, it's like, I don't know why we're talking about Corky. I don't give a shit about that, but, but then I call him, and he's like, Well, you and I these things, Joe, when I on the call, Joe, can I have that call recorded too?

McLain Southworth  17:38:43
So, yeah, go listen to it again. Right after he had the conversation, he called me. He's like, I'm getting a little bit frustrated because Joe keeps saying that I agree to stuff that I don't feel like I've agreed to.

Joseph Guzel  17:38:56
Okay, just, just, just, just stop, stop, like, deflecting and focusing on writing and stuff and actually, and actually focus on this right here, because this is the thing that either persists or it doesn't, like, like, you know, Haven one, we did good that was fun. Like, I like, this was supposed to be the year that things change for me okay, and it looks like what I'm gonna have to do is potentially, you know, do whatever the hell I gotta do to survive and take care of my family, like it's it and it and so I need to know what the plan is here, because it's because continuing like this. Love to keep working with you. I love you, and I want you to be happy, and I want to be happy, and I want all this stuff, but, and, you know, I want to am completely willing and open to switching up a dynamic here in the way that, you know, decisions are made, there's obviously things I need to work on. I get that and I'm willing to work on them, but when we think about the and I if you're willing to work on your things in a mature, respectful way, to us, to our founders, to the business, to each other. But like, what happens now? Like, so, so, like, what, what do you want? Like, if I just knew what you wanted, because I've been very there about what I want. I've been waiting to get to this point basically my whole life. Okay, from the fucking bunk bed here, where I'm making a couple million bucks and I can, I can catch up on my life, man, I'm trying to start a family. I'm trying to do all this stuff. Haven one. I think is going to be a great fun. We'll see how it goes. But like, We did good we did good work. Okay, we did good work. We did good work. Okay, I pushed a lot of my chips out on the table here. All right, I didn't have to, but I did it because it was an investment in this. Now, I want you to have whatever what I've been saying that since day one, and I've clearly, I clearly,

Unknown Speaker  17:41:29
because I fucking I've lived it.

Joseph Guzel  17:41:32
If what you want is like I want to be, you know, running like my own book in a silo, and I want you to just make decisions like we can. These are all things so that we should have outlined together, but it wasn't we just couldn't at the time, you know, and that's fine. It's we can, we have a shot here. And said, Do it all respectfully, like it's just, I just feel, I feel so disrespected, and I'm sure you feel so disrespected, and I know that we both don't want that and and that's it. Like, regardless on everything, I've never said anything bad about you ever because I have nothing bad to say about you.

McLain Southworth  17:42:22
I've never I again. I want to emphasize that this didn't come about because I was calling people. I did have to take action on with Wake because I didn't know what else to do, and so I had to call John, and I had to call earthworth, because there's just there's I kept on telling I tried to verbalize all this stuff to you, and you've kept on like I'm hiring him. That's why I had to make those phone calls.

Joseph Guzel  17:42:58
I forget about, forget about earthwick and stuff I'd suggest. But like, what? Like, what do you? What do you want to do? Because I have to figure out how to move forward with my life here. Yeah, listen,

McLain Southworth  17:43:07
I would love to raise a second fund. I it's

Joseph Guzel  17:43:12
going to have to be operated differently.

McLain Southworth  17:43:15
We would definitely have to operate differently. But I, I'm trying to say this in a way that because you're not going to like it, but, like, I would love it if you saw some sort of counselor, adoptable. I go to therapy. Do you go to a psychiatrist? Or do you go to a couple's therapy? I

Joseph Guzel  17:43:33
did the whole psychiatry thing last year on the back half, and then do the couples therapy. And I go to a therapist. I'm looking at it for executive coaches. If you have any good recommendations. I was looking through Talia works at, like, an executive coaching company. It's too expensive. And then muscles, those muscles atrophy. McQueen, like, like, like, like, the fact, the fact that like, and I don't mean this to be sincerely, I'm not trying to be disrespectful, but like, you were the least polished person at cross link, but it's because you weren't in his like, like, in the fact that like, I'm and that's not, that's not to say anything about your intelligence or whatever. That's not what it is. It's like, there's like a Genesis, and like, I needed those Monday partner meetings. I needed to be going to an office. You get way too comfortable here, right? Yeah, you have this infrastructure around you that's like, it becomes kind of invisible where, like, even though you're going to, like, an extension of your house, basically, with the Foundation office, you're getting up, you're putting your pants on, you're, you know, you're washing your hands and trying not to sink up the bathroom too much and, or whatever. Like, I mean, I am, like, all up in my house for four years, just kind of like doing this. And of course, it's not good. And just like, in a few weeks of, you know, going to crosscut office, like, I was like, oh shit, I'm talking a lot. Like, I am rambling a lot here, like, I gotta shut the fuck up. Like, and you become more self aware, obviously, shocker. Like, you know, would have loved to do that murder

McLain Southworth  17:45:21
going into an office definitely polishes, yeah, and

Joseph Guzel  17:45:23
it's like, and maybe that could have been mitigated if, like, we would have done this, the stupid easy thing of, like, every other week one of US spends a day there. It's like feeling so alone for so long, you know, and then feeling like, you know, it feeling just, it's just like this helpless, like defeating feeling, but then, you know, and then feeling like, yeah, just feeling like it's just no, no real support, and no, like, real understanding. It's like, it's like I said the other day, and on the slack like, as I was, like, I just feel like I'm not humanized. You know, you don't know my my life. You haven't seen you haven't, you haven't actually seen, like, really, my working environment, like, been in it, like, I've been in your home. You know, I'm not like, and so there's a disconnect. I'm a guy on Zoom, and I know you care about me, but, like, it's, I

McLain Southworth  17:46:32
have, I have. I have no problem traveling down I am,

Joseph Guzel  17:46:36
well, I don't want to have to, I don't want to have to push you to do, to do stuff. Like, I

McLain Southworth  17:46:42
just mindset of traveling for a reason,

Joseph Guzel  17:46:48
right? But there shouldn't be a reason, because I've gone up so many times about reason just just for the sake of keeping us together. Like, like, you got to do this stuff. We have

McLain Southworth  17:46:58
listen, hey, I'm all for it. I see less of the value than you do, clearly, but if it means a lot to you, I'm happy to come down. I'm not going to come down when you start yelling at me and demanding that

Joseph Guzel  17:47:09
I do. So, right? I definitely don't want to start over the years where we've had this conversation. But this isn't the fix, all right, like it's, but it fixes a lot, man, like it's, you know, it's not like we were always in the office together before, but like, these interactions are incredibly important, and like they lead to, that's how you build Shit, like it's, it's and it's human, like, it's, I just seem like some asshole that's always stressed out, and then I who gets, like, no support, and then who has to, like, report back to my partner on everything going on to keep him in the loop when it's like, why is it? And then I'm always like, why isn't he pestering me to, like, like, the hard thing for me to do is to do more work, to get you up to speed, or, like, to communicate, like, the basic shit, like, what went on today when, like, a couple a couple minute calls, like, just get the thing done. And like, Yeah, you don't like to do them, like we didn't like to do partners. I am all four or five minute phone calls, yeah, man, like

McLain Southworth  17:48:23
a five minute phone call.

Joseph Guzel  17:48:25
Well, it's, well, let's put some structure around that shit. Like we had before the big business now, like, the, the reality is we were a small business. I but I had, I had a lot of work. I still had to do. I, and I didn't appreciate that. I didn't appreciate all that shit. But, like, the fucking spin out was so dumb. But like, on top of that, then it's like, you wake up and and the thing that I did not anticipate with this, this and this, hopefully last rodeo, but, you know, who knows is just how everything at the same fucking it's a fun one, like, like, like, you know, cross got fun one. It was a fun three, but it was really, like, a fun one. First, real fun. The other ones weren't institutional, right? They didn't have anything like our LP base, right, currently. And then for crossing fund aid, like, it's, you know, fund 70, fund eight. They're all the same. It's all the same thing, like, that's, that's the beauty of this is that I'm telling you, it's just more of this. It does, like, whether it's 54 entities, or whether it's Haven one, it's literally just more of this. It doesn't change suddenly. I Pro, and I promise, like it's, it's and you can see, just carry it forward 30 years, same shit. So you saw it. Now you saw it. That's it. I just saw it more times. That's, that's, but there's no surprises anymore. You're not gonna like, see something's like, oh, for the first time I'm seeing that or this, like, and I promise you, the things that would potentially pop up, we can obviously handle them really easily. So you know, we're number one in our quartile. Did you know that? What

McLain Southworth  17:50:27
do you mean, number one in our trial? I don't know that because

Joseph Guzel  17:50:30
I figured it out. Yeah, we're like, we're like, we have very good metrics. The let me see if I can show you some stuff that you might get. Yeah, let me show you this one capital deployment pace, year over year, capital cumulative, capital deployment. So this just shows kind of this is actually kind of interesting, showing our pace of deployment. That's actually one of the things that we did unintentionally, entirely unintentionally, that like really, really set us apart when you juxtapose it against our playing offense with our capital in the way that we did, leaning on our experience with, with with with knowing to get ownership and stuff. But you know, we closed the fund in 2023, and you can kind of see like how things really ramped. We'll have the, I'll have the 20 in here shortly. This, this cut is actually a little misleading deployment across stages. So 19 total investments, thematic would be like Node or Archimedes right. Incubations would be like pico tree boat. Cash should arguably be in here. Pre seed would be like sock, right for Super connector, and seed would be like a corgi or a auto lab, etc, right? Or a hamsa. And so when you look at it like this, you see by quarter and then by stage, it suggests that our focus is the thematic investments. That's why, then we took the cut like this, right? Discipline, deployment across early stage, FinTech investments, deal composition by stage,

McLain Southworth  17:52:45
or average. Check size, really? 1.5

Joseph Guzel  17:52:48
Yeah, weighted average, yeah. It might be a little different, as I'm not sure if I have Apple Luma and Corgi in here.

McLain Southworth  17:52:57
Does that include things like perfect meetings and shit like that? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  17:53:00
weighted average, yeah, oh, yeah. So, so that. So this one, this is at 19. I don't, I don't believe this includes Apple Luma and and Corgi, but you have 19 initial investments. So by Count, obviously more thematic. That's why. That's why this. When I saw this, I was like, no, no, this is a better cut our capital allocation. It shows we did what we said. We're going to do 85% of capital deployed to pre seed, seed and pre series stages, right? And then check sizes, scaling from as low as 100k for optimistic thematic as high as 2.5 we average about 1.5 what's not reflected on here yet is ownership. This is a super cool slide. It needs to change a little bit, but you have what our cost basis was as a fund, in terms of invested as of q3 then you have what the fair market value was. Then it shows just, just what the impact of Hamza on the entire portfolio, just that one investment, right? Pretty, pretty freaking cool when you know that factually, we under discounted cash flows without a synergy model. Today, any banker could do it to something in between here and here. We did good. We did a great job, and we also were really strategic with our reserves, which isn't reflected in here when you think about 2022, to the dollar cost averaging on the common fair

McLain Southworth  17:54:39
market value. This is, this is pre Homs, are it? Sorry?

Joseph Guzel  17:54:44
Yeah. So this is, so this is as of q3 published cost basis of total invested in the Fund, right? And the fair market value of the fund as of q3 2024, and then this just takes that environment and says, what if? What if we take Hamza and it, and these scenarios happen. What does it do to the whole fund? So it takes us from this to this, or this or this. It's pretty fucking good, right? Eat your heart out. This was just a kind of current portfolio value, but here you go and and don't worry, I cut this across every type of metric I could find. We are the best 2022,

McLain Southworth  17:55:37
this is vintage.

Joseph Guzel  17:55:41
So this is, you see, compared to the 2022 vintage. So this is showing for funds of the 2022 vintage, they've, typically, they've deployed 43% of their capital in 24 months. So our peers blew their loads slower, faster than us on average, rolled pimps, right? And we did not. 57 as of q3 57.7% as of today. It's the same, actually, because we haven't gotten a capital call yet. And so we, these are our peers, these. This is us. We look more like the 2018 vintages or I actually. And that's us, right? So, and that's not including that's actually, these are old, right? Because our metrics are better now we're the top of the quartile stack.

McLain Southworth  17:56:46
Well, this is your, oh, that's so 75th percentile is point nine.

Joseph Guzel  17:56:55
No, we're outperforming 75% of pure funds, yeah,

McLain Southworth  17:56:58
that's what I'm saying. Is point 9x is the 75th percentile,

Joseph Guzel  17:57:03
and we're, no, it's 20 sorry, no, it's 25th right here. That's the that's so we're at the top quartile. Would be the top 25%

McLain Southworth  17:57:13
Yeah, no, percentile. 70/75 is 75th percentile means that you're in the top 25%

Joseph Guzel  17:57:18
Yeah. Percent. You're Yeah, sorry, okay. Is that what it is? Is that how you say

McLain Southworth  17:57:22
it, yeah, so, so. And they say cut off for the 75th percentile is point 9x

Joseph Guzel  17:57:30
Yeah, and so and so. Again, these are outdated, so, like we're when you look at at all these cuts, um, that's we, we did a lot pushing

Unknown Speaker  17:57:44
babies, right, but,

Joseph Guzel  17:57:47
but this is really cool, like so, so you could see, like we, it's coming together here, but like in, especially talking to LPs, you know, the last like week, just, just in passing, upfront Summit, whatnot. Like, there, they can't believe it. Even they can't even believe, like, you know, our deal composition, our portfolio construction and, and we've yet, we have multiple hits. I know, I know they don't seem like it, but it's like, what? Like, you know, remember, we can't hedge. So, like, we have all the indicators though, to show that, you know, we're right. Like, like, you know, 20 million of revenue over five years at a minimum. When you're a $46 million fund with almost 10% ownership, and you're sitting on the boards and you're, you know, ideating, like, it's like bold start, you know, like we're, I bet, if you stack us up against bold, start at the same trajectory, we look the same or better, which they invest just like us, it's miserable, which I'm excited to move away from that, because we won't need to do not can I like that? Was it?

McLain Southworth  17:59:07
Part of has all this data to 2022 is there?

Joseph Guzel  17:59:12
So there's so the 2023 stuff is being published. I believe I have it somewhere. But we're

McLain Southworth  17:59:20
just, is it just funds that use card,

Joseph Guzel  17:59:24
the 2022, is, this is the vintage,

McLain Southworth  17:59:28
yeah, oh, okay,

Joseph Guzel  17:59:32
yeah. So we're top. We're tippity top, unequivocally, like, like, I and I have other decks that I won't bore you on pulling. I'll pull all this stuff for you. You'll, you'll, you'll really like it, obviously, but the it's because it's what's not to like. But I want to show you, yeah, so that's from this one. My this was from Karna, where you see cumulative percentage of fund capital deployed by months since Vinted, right? And, yeah. And so we really, we did well. We did well here, like, look at how fast they deployed in the worst time. And if you So, that means that we're getting compared against this peer set. And boy, did they obviously also underperform on everything. And they obviously did things that that we didn't do, which, which we learned from the very good people that trained us at a very good firm that didn't get enough credit because Eric just cared about alpha, that probably won't be able to raise a fund 11 such a shame. But of like, how to, how to, how to think about these reserves like that. That was all from Jim man, like, it's not like I pulled that out of my ass. It's just you can't hedge, you can hedge, we cannot hedge. So reserves are just hedging. If anything about it, it's like putting money away for something that you don't know that's going to happen in an industry where you can't hedge. And then, yeah, VC, fund, fund, uh, 1803 funds, most under 100 million. They haven't, do

McLain Southworth  18:01:14
they have any, I mean, I guess there's no way for them to really calculated. Does that have any reserves? Analysis,

Joseph Guzel  18:01:22
reserves analysis, no, but the funds, but the firms internally, right? I'll think through a cut of that, because it's a super important story that we that we crushed on because, because so, so, so what, what we did differently, which was, which was dim, a bit like you kind of adamed me with, with a lot of this stuff. That's what I always that's, I give you all the credit in the world for that, like, whether, whether it doesn't matter that you that you knew or didn't know, or were, like, totally sure of like, what to do, the fact that you gave me the permission to do some of this stuff that I instinctive, figured that like, like, I think this is what You're supposed to do, based on what I've seen, based on what I've learned. And it's not like I saw that in practice at crosslink. It's what folks told me. Folks who actually know told me that this is the right thing, even though we did the wrong thing. And those people that, but you, but you gave me permission to do it, right? I just, I just seemed like, maybe, like, I knew the answer. And maybe you've seen like you're applying, or probably not, I don't know, but it gave me permission, just like I get permission to, like, with Eb, like, with every set where it's like, you know, I get Priya to say, be like, Can we do this? Can we do these share buybacks? Can we do this thing? Like, she's like, technically, you can. It's like, all right, all right, let's, let's fucking roll, until you tell me to stop. Like, or until like, you say, uncle, I'm gonna do it because, because you've given me a structure here where it feels like safe. What we did was just pretend like we didn't have to have reserves, but we just took it to the to the truest extent. Said, Let I was looking back at our old spin out docs, batch ventures, right, terrible name. And you remember, you remember I was, I was, like, very nervous about deploying this capital like we were within the context of a 40, $50 fund. I think I wanted to do 75 initially. Then at one point, you were like, how about 40? And we kind of both knew that the party was going to be over. I don't we never necessarily even talked about it, and we weren't surprised when it was over. We never were like, oh my god, I can't believe that happened. We were like, well, here it is, because we're both cynical, which is what makes a good investor, that's, that's cynicism, the what would we remember we would have had to do literally half of the fund into fucking 4050, investments that look like, mean, yeah, which would have been bad, which would have been bad, bad, like, and then, and then pile into the winners in the whole time, I was like, I was like, this is not, I hope that McLean's family will just give us, give us money here forever. Because, like, it's like, maybe that's when it clicked. I was like, Oh, my God, this is like, this is one of the good benefits of partnering with the plane that I didn't really realize. Because, like, we are going to fuck up, like, everybody else will be in the game, right? Yeah, because I looked at it like cross cut three, like it's like, it's not like, I got this prestigious job, I got a I got, like, literally, just a disrespectful job with no health insurance. But I was in the game and then, and then it was, it's, it started. It shifted in December of 22 it was, it was, it was, then it was December 22 and you see it in our you see it in our investing here, you just see it in the numbers. It's like,

McLain Southworth  18:05:42
I didn't want to, I don't, I don't see the screen again.

Joseph Guzel  18:05:45
Here you go. See the numbers. I mean, it's, it's just look at like what we did. You can see it each year against the capital employment pace, right? Things changed. Here it was. It was these three that did it, Hamza. Hamza was, was, was totally a pre seed, you know? Like, well,

McLain Southworth  18:06:18
yeah, we try to do it with sock.

Joseph Guzel  18:06:21
Well, yeah, well, SOC, I would have you good job on SOC, like, like, we, we would make that investment again today, all things considered, it's kind of like Corgi. Like, they don't have the Corgi doesn't really have anything figured out, but they the team dynamic, like we were underwriting things differently then, but it's starting to coalesce now, because I look at the i Did you, did you? Did you put that much emphasis on the like Team profiles as a duo or as individuals before, like when you were first, when we were first starting, like, when you looked at the SOC team as a pair of three, what did you see? If you look back,

McLain Southworth  18:07:04
you know, I didn't really, necessarily, ever really think about them as a pair of three, because, if you remember, we primarily just talked to Rick.

Joseph Guzel  18:07:14
Yeah, you're right, yeah. We only really talked to those guys like two or three times, and then I

McLain Southworth  18:07:18
only Yeah, we didn't. I mean, I think even, like Tara 10, I maybe talked to him once before,

Joseph Guzel  18:07:24
yeah, yeah, yeah, I forgot about that. You're right. But it's

McLain Southworth  18:07:30
I kind of saw it more as as Rick's thing with two other co founders that were good but we're in the background. That's super

Joseph Guzel  18:07:39
interesting. I forgot about that little piece. I immediately just muscle memory, underwrote them to auto lab, like, yeah, and the other auto labs that that I'd seen, which is one of these guys will be gone, like, like, like, immediately I was like, okay, pre product exec team money, but these guys are consensus, like these guys. I mean, shit, they all were still at those very fucking high profile jobs wanting to do crypto. I figured we'd probably convince them not to. That's the other thing that I guess you didn't realize. It probably seemed a lot of the over these years. Look at, look at, like, why is Joe always enforcing, forcing his, trying to force his will upon these, upon these, these founders. And it's really just like, you know, it's a stupid idea. Like, like, it's it. I don't need, like, the FinTech expertise. Am I better FinTech expert than Chris titterton? Or, like, no, like, whatever that means. Like, I'm not better than Manoj at all on payments. Nobody is, but I force my will on him just because it's like, you see it. You just see it when you're not in it in a way that. And it's always the same, and then, and then one of them would be gone. Yeah, one of and we, and it played out like exactly, exactly like that. They spent more money than they were going to, and one of them was gone. And it was obviously the ones that were the redundant bowls, yeah, and then they hired a whole bunch of people that were super fancy, and I'd love to have it any of our companies right now, like such good talent magnets and and those are, those are shots out of your network revolver. You don't, they don't get those back, you know. So that's one of the the tragedies and and all of it like but they hadn't raised capital before, right? Despite being part of these exits and stuff, they hadn't sold anything before, or had to even do ad buys and marketing buys, because you don't have to do that when you're running in these in these roles, in these organizations, it's not your job, and even if your job, it's not always your job. To my point, on Brian, right? He, it's not that he, we can't help him figure it out if he doesn't know it. That's why we're here. It's just getting them past it and then, and then they ended up, actually, finally, iterating around the thing that we were pushing them towards because we have a burden than they do, which is Betterment for web three, which is literally, the is the is the right idea right now, obviously, and here we are about to have the jump on all money market funds and mutual funds and shit for fidelity and shit, like, it's correct, like, like, that's why I'm, like, Why the fuck are we shutting this thing down? Like, it's I, I, and I'm not I. I've never said I'm a good product guy, because I'm not I, but that is a fucking good product. Like, I love it. It's so much better than Coinbase. It's so much better like they are the Instagram to the Facebook analogy of like, fucking great design, my God, oh yeah. All good. Hell you, you hold on. I'll be right back one sec. You

McLain Southworth  18:11:37
Hey, Joe, do You hear me? I Hey, I have to run. Wait for you to get back.

Joseph Guzel  18:12:26
How's How's Christina doing? She's dying, sick,

McLain Southworth  18:12:30
part of the problem.

Joseph Guzel  18:12:34
Yeah, so anyways, cool to see, right?

McLain Southworth  18:12:37
Yeah, no, that's good. Number comparisons are awesome,

Joseph Guzel  18:12:42
yeah. I mean, it's, it's, it wasn't I,

McLain Southworth  18:12:45
I that just for information, for funds that use Carter, though, or is it just No,

Joseph Guzel  18:12:50
even the Cambridge stuff, everything is all there because I, you know, can't find time to do it. And you know, other people do it better than me, like it's, it's rithwik, put these together for us. So, so what, what are we doing? Would be we don't got to figure out, I know you got to run.

McLain Southworth  18:13:15
Let's, let's pick up the combo tomorrow. being yelled at. Yeah.

Joseph Guzel  18:13:22
And then I hope, I hope when when do we hear back on you, your health,

McLain Southworth  18:13:28
an appointment with UCSF that 915 And then an appointment with Stanford at 230. So.

Joseph Guzel  18:14:38
It's not going to be like this again, because it's that's, it's over, you know why people don't do this? It's like, it's literally why, like, nobody does this and and, and have, don't be mistaken, man, like most I know, like, we have our peers, like, like will or Amanda or whatever that, like, went and raised these funds, but like, there's Amanda, uh, Amanda groves, but like, they're not, they're not, they're not gonna they're not in our position, man, like they're just not, and we didn't get our I was talking to Jim about this for like, three hours the other the other night, I hadn't caught up with him in forever. He can't believe how good our met, our performance is. Liam from cannonball even, like, called me randomly, and he was, he was like, the performance is just too good. He's like, it's just too good. Like, so gotten our fair shake and like this fund is this fund puts us in business for years. If we want it to, it puts us in business separately, if we want it to, like we have a body of work here it's either, it's either cross link fund six. See, they sold data stacks. Yeah, I saw that. Yeah. My favorite thing was, so here's difference between Eric and Jim, or even, let me, let me repeat that, Eric and us, okay, Eric, Eric will say, I found a way to be productive in Hawaii, which bullshit, right? And, and he's all stoked about data stacks. Well, that's 1000 vintage company. Sure. We got another 15 pre but there's so many, there's so many fucking, there's such a bad waterfall on it that we're not gonna make any money from that in fund six. So Eric's, like, pounding his chest. Like, yeah, there's no returns from that, really. Like, not, not a creative so, like, but, you know, they raised funds on it. Ham says, Not data stacks. Data stacks doesn't have Homs. Is revenue lock in. That was 2011 I don't think data stacks has Homs revenue even, actually, yeah.

McLain Southworth  18:16:50
So that was Eric chin in 2011 as we did, I didn't realize

Joseph Guzel  18:16:54
here, yeah, and that was, and that was, by the way, that was considered a series B, 15 pre a, 15 post.

McLain Southworth  18:17:02
See how the times have changed. How's that 15 post? They raised 11 million.

Joseph Guzel  18:17:07
They raised 11 million in 2011 Yeah, go back and check. Probably reported draw. Where are you? Reading it from space? Yeah, no, that's wrong.

McLain Southworth  18:17:20
Yeah, it's but I went to the article and it says, closed at 11 million Series B. If I have the

Joseph Guzel  18:17:25
only investment memos, it's a but, but, yeah, it's like, you know, but there was 2011 there was no seed. I was, you know, just fucking thing working on the work dev team with trip, who's on the board of Hamza, like, we fucking crushed. We crushed, we crushed this. It felt it's, it was so cool to see, to see some of the shit come together, but, but at the same time, like, you know, I never cared about thing. Like I always, I, I'm the one that, you know, flew up all the time. And it was like, No, this is how it's got to be. And because it's I, I wanted to hold this both accountable and like, and I wanted to be fair, because it's, it's it's not right to do that stuff I've never cared about that I've always just cared about. Like, you know, I guess I didn't know what I cared about. I do now. I want to have fun. I want to build. I want to just, I need to get to, if you're worried about my health, I just need to get to a place in this I ran a marathon, you know, and I we did good, like, we did such good work. We can keep doing good work. But this is an athlete thing. Like, I'm not trying. I'm trying to be more Magic Johnson. I'm not trying to be LeBron, like, fucking Shamu here. I don't, I don't. I've said it over and over and over. I'm not going to have it again to, like, probably deliver hits of whatever ends up being hits. Here I said that from day one and and because I'm very honest with myself with this shit, and I've never been good at anything, I'm pretty good at this. I better finish it. I then I really enjoy doing that, and that is a competitive advantage that our peers just don't have. They just don't have it like they haven't. They haven't. They have no respect for history, and they don't. And then we can tweak our turn. We can turn like a rhythmic into of the node.

Unknown Speaker  18:19:40
Isn't that easier

Joseph Guzel  18:19:43
than doing than being Vinod?

Unknown Speaker  18:19:48
Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  18:19:50
yeah, man, like so that's, that's what I'm about going forward. I don't want to do this shit. I want to I my every intention was to shift gears. Every intention was like, we scale this thing. And I'm not trying to hog glory here. I'm just trying to literally, like, just keep us, you know, keep us in the straight and narrow. I've never had a desire to do that shit. Otherwise I would have, like everybody else, and I'd be as staffed so like, I think we I think we can, I know how to manage a billion dollars if we need to for us and and I think we can just go get the best people in the work that's because they're going to want to anyways, because they do, they do the best People in the best people in the world want to work with us. And so if you want to, if what you want to do, man, is like, if you want to, like, go focus on quantum like, why can't we do that? Like, why can't we do that? Like, like, why can't we have like, all of these things are entirely fucking solvable. Yeah, they're, they're in they're a good idea. And even if they're not, if it's what you want to do, and it's a shitty idea, what happened, like, we'll make it work anyways. That was the whole fucking point of doing this. Like, what I want to just honest. I want to fucking catch up on on my life, and I want to finally make enough money where the first time in my life I've not worried about it. And I want to, I want to spend more time like thinking, and I want to spend more time like mentoring young people. And, you know, figuring out what this, what we want to, you know, figuring out where the puck is going. It's fun, like, it's fun to do this shit. It's fun to do cast finance and, like, buy, you know, a fucking accounting firm, and not know what we're going to do with it. Thank you for, by the way, like, yeah, and thank you for dealing with that French guy. What a douche it's if there's anything you know how to handle the douche is a lot better than I do, that's fucking sure. And it's like, I'm not going to get any better at that. And that's something I always knew about you. You're just better at handling that stuff. I've I've always been like this and so, like, all that shit, dude, you want, you want something where you know you're calling the shots, like, I'm okay, like, I

McLain Southworth  18:22:31
Yeah. I mean, none of that really matters. It's just, you know, getting into a place where it's just not, you know, constant frustration, you know, yeah, it's, I think, where we need to be. And, yeah, so we have to solve for that, right? And that's,

Joseph Guzel  18:22:48
I think I've always wanted to be more of the academic, you know, like, I guess that's why I like this stuff. I never got that, you know. And my upbringing, it's cool, like it's, it's like something you can study. And so if you just tell me what it is you want to do, we can do it. We can have two offices.

McLain Southworth  18:23:10
Let's, let's, let's do all shit. What time is? What am I not? Fuck tomorrow. Let's chat later tomorrow morning.

Joseph Guzel  18:23:18
Yeah, let's do it. Have a glass of whiskey, yeah, yeah. I'm trying

McLain Southworth  18:23:25
to not drink until the shit gets figured out. That's right, huh? I'm just worried that the sugar from the alcohol is feeding directly into my tumors.

Joseph Guzel  18:23:36
I do. The more you stress about it, the more that it's gonna like, kind of, maybe they give, maybe they'll give you a new ass. No,

McLain Southworth  18:23:46
maybe a nice, muscular one. Yeah, but, yeah. But I'm i Christina got me into some study where they're actually, they're gonna sequence my genome and then they're gonna grow um, organoids. annoyed. From my genome, so that they can test the medicine, any sort of medicine on my organoids before testing them on me directly. It's super fucking cool advantage of having Christine, as he knows about all the studies and can get me in.

Joseph Guzel  18:24:17
Nice. No, right. All right, I love you yeah. I love you too, man, I'm you know I'm.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai