Liam Gallacher  12:20:03
Yeah, no problem, dude. I appreciate it. I appreciate jumping on there. Appreciate you. Appreciate all your candor and your sincerity on that call. And I'm sure it wasn't easy, and I you know, at the end of the day, I know, and I know that there's, you know, I believe it's path forward, and I'm going to work as hard as I possibly can to make sure that that path forward, that the task force happens. Thank

Joseph Guzel  12:20:25
you. Thank you for being world class as always, my friend, and I know that McLean appreciates it as well. You handled that really beautifully, and you've been a sincere friend of Haven and both of us respectfully, you know, it's, it's, it's hard, it's, it's very nice to feel like there's someone that's actually just acting in the interest of the firm and both, but both, you know, looking out for our best interests as well his and mine. So that isn't biased, yeah? Or as unbiased. No harm,

Liam Gallacher  12:21:04
yeah. Like, I'm like, I'm not, I'm not trying to, I'm not. I don't really care which I don't I think, I think the best case scenario is that both sides win, right? Because I feel like, right now it's a very, it's very much of a win lose thing. I'm trying to make this only win win thing. And I think that, I think at the end of day, right? Like, you know, you know my goal, like, my goal is to, you know, we're gonna get to the point where you guys are gonna do most fucking I'm not gonna say anything anymore, and I'm gonna say, Okay, you guys can run with it now. I think that you guys are good. That's my that's my goal, right? Like, I don't want to be on more than I don't want to be on any more calls that I need to be and so, you know, based on even today, right? Like it looks like you guys can move forward, you know, it's gonna take time, hopefully maybe one or two more calls, or three more calls, and then we'll go from there. You know, I wanted to draft the NDA and the code of conduct, use my lawyer, friend of mine, to help me out. But I just feel like, if a third party does it, and then we start getting a red line around, right, then it's a little easier, because then at least everybody knows, okay, like, it's, what's this income from Joe's lawyer claims lawyer came from somebody else, yeah. And then, at least, then, hey, okay. Like, if you're gonna red line and you're gonna mark it up, you gotta, you gotta, it's gotta be got it's got to be justifiable. Why are you saying this? And the other thing too, is that if everybody's, if everybody's redlining it, right? You know, both you were signed it, it's not just, like, Hey, you signed this. Like, yeah, no, that's not fair. No one should not. If everybody, if we're going to start talking about this stuff, everybody needs to be on board and so and so. That's where we're gonna get from there. That should flow into everything else, that should make everything else easier, right? Like, I really want this. I really want to be, you know, the high level person, and then pass then you guys, essentially what this does. It gets you guys back in the back in the car, back driving down the highway, talking about stuff in the car anymore.

Joseph Guzel  12:23:05
I have, I think that's a very prudent strategy, and I agree, if you're I would offer just one piece of feedback, I wouldn't say advice, because you don't need it, and you can take it or leave it. Obviously, it's your prerogative. But in the in the spirit of keeping the train moving forward and keeping the energy that you just saw on that call of like collaborative, non contentious decision making, and to make this fast and clean and painless, I would, I would given the precedence set from like past attempts at this, I juxtapose that against how well you handled the top of that call with with respect to not talking about the past. I On a personal note, I think that was probably the first time ever in been at least the last 18, like 12 months that we've been able to have a conversation like that, McLean and I, where, after, during or after a moment of contention, as there have been many where, like, we didn't just go right back to square one. It's because the past gets brought up, he this that. So when you're if I were in your shoes, I think that a knowing that and not blaming either of us. But it's just the reality is I would go, I would go heavier on your take, like, setting the grounds for dictating things like, how are we going to commute when, when all this is over? How are we going to agree to communicate what, what happened to given the exposure, given the massive exposure, not only to limited partners, but the venture community, the tech community, our peers who are LPS or not, syndicates portfolio founders, in particular, other LPs, friends, family. I would take a heavier I would suggest taking a heavier hand here to avoid because I sincerely believe that that is where the biggest risk is to get this hung up. And it's not about assigning blame. It's about, it's about,

Liam Gallacher  12:25:27
yeah, for sure, I think the big thing is, that's why I want to, I want to like, I want to be a code of conduct within with an NDA attached. So essentially, it says that, like, You guys aren't going to fucking talk one another. You guys aren't going to like, disparage one another to anyone.

Joseph Guzel  12:25:43
Yeah, totally,

Liam Gallacher  12:25:45
you're going to that's a given, that's a given. Yeah, right, but like, yeah, it's a given, but it hasn't

Joseph Guzel  12:25:52
happened. It hasn't happened. Yeah and so and so, going forward, it won't be a given, understandably, however, there is a significant amount of cleanup that doesn't have to be that hard, but it has to happen because it's detrimental to the value of the fund and our position, our position, even on boards, his and mine, our ability to to extract value from the fund Because, it's because Haven is in a bad place for that is weaker now than it was, and so we have to, I have to do that work on a part of his character and his name that's tied to the fund, as well as the other way around. And it's incredibly true. No, I agree with you, because we almost, we almost lost. We, I'm sorry to interrupt you, but like, just like, we almost lost, we almost lost tomza, you know, like I want to say, lost our ability to to liquidate effectively, because of how this went down and things that happened and and, you know, so that was that was pretty terrifying, and it was the same on on every set. There's a lot of active activity right now with a lot of companies, so we just have to really be careful here as a team and collaborate as a team. So I think you understand that, but the more that's in writing on exactly what to do and how I think it's better for him and I and the firm, versus looking to get there in good faith, and then prescribing a timeline for which to do it in a methodology is, I think, incredibly important, and it will allow us to put that on the table. You know? Yeah, so I think,

Liam Gallacher  12:27:41
I think all this stuff's going to kind of flush itself out. Okay? Like, I think at the end of the day, we had one good call. Okay, it's good. That's that. But that's kind of like what I say on the call. It looks like a win here. Okay, we all agree to a couple simple things. Yeah. My view is, is that how you guys are going to fix the communicate, how you guys are going to fix the reputation of of Haven, in my view, is it's gonna be a joint thing. Okay, you're gonna have to go and say, hey, you know what? Like this, give you both things, like both you and McLean,

Joseph Guzel  12:28:11
I 100% agree. I'm saying, like, I'm really, I'm really saying tactically. I'm really saying tactically. Liam, it's, it's the my suggestion would be to make that it's uh, make that apparent that it's a joint effort. But then be prescriptive with respect to exactly what that is, the how of what that is, the timeline and the comms and and who is doing what and saying what is un is, in my opinion, based on the past here, unbelievably crucial, and where this your all your efforts will get derailed in that because, look,

Liam Gallacher  12:28:50
I don't think, I think here's the thing, I don't think that like no one's gonna say

Joseph Guzel  12:28:55
sorry. No, we're and I'm not asking that, yeah, so hear me out. So like no

Liam Gallacher  12:29:00
one's gonna say sorry if you or him are waiting around for an apology.

Joseph Guzel  12:29:05
No, absolutely not.

Liam Gallacher  12:29:07
Yeah, and I'm not gonna. And if either of you asked me to fucking get an apology, I'd be like, This is fucking stupid. You guys in your 30s, you're not fucking four. I agree. One, yeah. Two, two, okay, going forward, it's a pretty simple thing. It's very simple. You have a call with these people, and you say, hey, you know what? Unfortunately, unfortunately, some of the, some of the bullshit between Joe and I leaked out into the into the market. Okay, we want to, and I'm more than happy to talk to everybody. I'm more than happy to say, hey, look like based on my view, okay, I helped mediate it, and I believe going forward, that they have the framework to, you know, not make sure this doesn't happen again. I can't guarantee it okay, but I can say that I held

Joseph Guzel  12:29:54
Yeah, so yeah,

Liam Gallacher  12:29:57
then it's just up to you guys to do it.

Joseph Guzel  12:30:01
And that is, that's where I respectfully disagree. I think that for us, we should do it together, obviously, as a one, one firm, Ian McLean, it should be like, let's say, for example, phone calls with each of the you know, conflict, not conflicted, but breached parties, right, like so, and particularly the founders, founders and other board members. So that means cross link. That means gray Croft. That means because our standing, our standing on the boards, because, regardless of what we're managing, the standing on the boards is, and that's not to say like that did that boat, but because they perceive the firm as fractured and weak based on the events that happened. We are, we are in, even with board seats and whatnot, in a very precarious position here to, in the absence of collaboration, to to extract value. I mean, it's, it's it's going to, it can derail the fund value immediately, and it's been a lot of my work homes,

Liam Gallacher  12:31:07
I could do easily is they could sit there and say, Okay, well, you know, Haven invested in this class of share, and we're going to put in these kinds of shares now, and we like

Joseph Guzel  12:31:19
people over it's even, it's even worse than that in action. So like, for example, you know folks who are becoming aware, like graycroft, becoming aware. Despite my relationship with Dana over there, right? It is already an issue where she's like, Oh, is Joe going to get caught up in this legal battle with Larry Page? Should he be on the board? Should we make him sign a side letter? It's, it's derailing our governance directly, and diluting the value of dollars just that have just went in, or have gone in, or any of it, like we're talking about a diluted to cost basis, that is, that is recently consummated across the board, or even our ability to make and influence decisions like in our silos, for the good of the firm that we've agreed on, right? Like, so it's, no, I get it. There's a it's delicate.

Liam Gallacher  12:32:18
I understand. I agree with you on that. But the other thing too, I'll say, is it's like, you know, I'm not gonna rush your fucking process because shits going on. Of course

Joseph Guzel  12:32:27
not. And I'm not asking, like, I'm not saying

Liam Gallacher  12:32:30
that you are asking me that. But what I'm also saying is, is that it's like, hey, look like you guys are in this situation. I'm trying to help you guys. Yeah, you know, business doesn't fucking sleep. Shit fucking happens all the time. So my view is, is that, you know, we did step one, which was getting you guys on the phone. That's step one. Then we did step two with a fucking call. Didn't end up with you guys screaming each other, someone rage, footy, okay, that's step two. Step three was even better, because we actually made some progress on the call of his I said, Hey, look, we're making some progress. You guys can agree on really simple things, right? If you guys can agree on simple things, it gives you the ability to agree on more complex things. Yep, and then four, four, my view is, is that once we get the code of conduct in the NDA agreed to, we don't do this anymore. You guys, you guys, I'll take the train wheels off and you guys go do your own thing. Okay? Because at the end of the day, that's the point. The point is, is that I don't want this process to drag on for months

Joseph Guzel  12:33:31
and so, so I'm gonna sound like a broke record. I'm not trying to get you frustrated. I'm sincerely trying to make this easy on you so you can get you don't have to spend any more time leaving it up to us figuring it out. That hasn't worked historically, and we've tried that. So that's it becomes that old adage of the definition of insanity. And so again, I'm asking for more prescriptive, and I'm sure he would agree, more prescriptive things that have to be done up front, like I would even go so far, and I'm sure he would agree sincerely, as we should move to issue, to finalize this before an NDA is signed, just move to issue a like revised Second Amendment and of operations, or, you know, the amend, like an amendment, formally for the LPA and everything, like nothing changing, but just like making sure that everything is as we put it in there, and that this agreement and the NDAs are part of that in, in in formalized with respect to the formal governance here, which, Which looks like signature pages and and that is memorialized so that there can be no, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  12:34:49
we can make an addendum video.

Joseph Guzel  12:34:51
Yeah, it's, it's, you can't, we can't sign and, yeah, we can't sign an NDA and stuff without that being included in the like list of things that we're doing. Yeah, yeah. The scope you got to make sure you're

Liam Gallacher  12:35:05
not, like, letting everybody know. Like, no, of course. They don't want to be like, Hey, we're changing the

Joseph Guzel  12:35:10
LPA. Yeah, it's just, it's just a, it's a, it's a, it can be a revised, a revised short form opera, an amendment to the short form operating agreement that that's the be the third, amended and restated. And it's not that you your lawyers need to go figure that out. It's that the scope of work is what is the most important for the order of operations, like signing, signing anything before that, if that's not included in the scope is not, is not a good idea for any of us, and not something that I would do.

Liam Gallacher  12:35:45
It can't just operate outside of it. Hey, essentially guys, we're going to, we're gonna You guys are agree with this shit. We're gonna add it to your we're gonna add it to your operating agreement. We're gonna add to the buying GP operating agreement. And then, you know, if you guys don't want to agree to that, then you then you weren't serious to begin

Joseph Guzel  12:36:04
with? No, of course, of course not. Yeah, and we can't, and we can't, but we can't have it be NDA, predicated by that, because otherwise it's going to, I'm willing to go longer without my email, let's say like for like, because I believe that like

Liam Gallacher  12:36:21
your email, like, like, got the end of the day, here's how I see this going. Okay, we're gonna, we're gonna agree to, we're going to agree to the, we're gonna agree an offer. We're gonna agree to, like, the, you know, the procedures around the pipe you want to call it right, Code of Conduct. Okay, we're an agreement NBA. We're gonna agree to add it to the GP operating agreement. And then, then what you're going to do once you sign that, okay, once you've signed that, you're going to reach out to all of the different fucking people you've talked to. This includes Caprock. This includes all the lps that you talk to, includes all the lps that McLean talk to you, includes all your portfolio companies. And you say, hey, look, we had a we had a misstep. Okay, this is you do not, you do not issue like a fucking statement. Don't issue any of that shit. It is all on the phone, on a video call. You take a week where you go talk to everybody, and you say, hey, you know what? We fucked up. This is what happens. We had now P mediated. We got it all solved. We're all good. And, you know, we apologize for a bullshit.

Joseph Guzel  12:37:34
And so in that, I think that sounds great, and it should be like the for the scope of if there in my head, there is a one pager where it's like the scope of things that have to happen. It's also like we both need to not only collaborate on the list, but we need to come with it. We need to come with like you have to give us the homework and hold us accountable to come with the list and then review it with you and and align there. And that's not to assign blame to anybody. We're both to blame here. And that's not to waste time. It's to make this actually net, like, not an issue again. And also, like, the timeline thing you brought up was really interesting, right? Where it's like, okay, 18 months and this and that, where it's and then he pushed back on that, which, which, what he wasn't pushing back. What he was saying is like, you know, well, what is that? Because it's like, what does that mean? I think, I think to move forward here, we there has to be a decision in the scope of work as to, will there be a haven to that is leverageable as a brand, or is it is a definitive decision that either of us cannot move forward with that brand that needs, that needs to happen.

Liam Gallacher  12:38:55
This stuff, this stuff is, like, one or two calls away, yeah, yeah. I totally agree. I totally agree. Yeah, like, I don't want to get the cart before the horse, right, because I could go draft something in McLean. Say, fuck this. I hate this. Fuck you. Sue you Gotcha. Okay, and everything and everything talks about the waste time. So, like, my view is, is we need to, just like, unfortunately or fortunately, take baby steps and go from there? Yep. And, you know, like, you know, like, I, you know, as I said, I can't, I can't watch the process.

Joseph Guzel  12:39:30
No, totally, totally agree, yeah. The fact of

Liam Gallacher  12:39:34
the matter is, is that both you, both of you, have said, Hey, we appreciate you doing this. Yeah, it wasn't a complete wisdom of fucking time.

Joseph Guzel  12:39:40
No, no, it was, it was not, it was not, I've sincerely and

Liam Gallacher  12:39:43
there is a, there is a path forward here. Okay, okay. And so at the end of the day, all we got to do now, all we got to do now, is just trust the process and go from there. Okay. Can't do any more than that.

Joseph Guzel  12:39:57
I trust you. I trust you completely. I'm just, I was just trying to make your life easier with that because, and when you say baby steps, this is, again, sincerely, the only productive firm management conversation in any recent or distant memory, unfortunately. But you know

Liam Gallacher  12:40:19
it's a good thing, though, because Joe, here's the thing, the one thing that I saw on the call today is that it's possible, it's possible, yeah, it is yeah. It doesn't mean that doesn't mean that's going to happen, but it's possible, yeah. And so if that's the case, then that means that we can Katie, then that means that we can move forward.

Joseph Guzel  12:40:39
So he's incredibly rational. He's incredibly rat. He's incredibly rational, with which I've said it, yeah, whenever. That's

Liam Gallacher  12:40:49
why, that's why I had to be a zoom and if one of you wasn't on camera to get the fuck on camera. Totally, yeah, because, because, here's the thing, it's really easy to be a bully over email, or, like, even worse, it's even easier to be a bully over legal, just fucking firing shit away way harder on the phone, even more harder where you can see the guy's fucking eyes. So that's how we're gonna do it going forward. And hey,

Joseph Guzel  12:41:15
I gotta run. Yeah, dude, I can't I cannot. Thank you enough. Your brother and sister and everybody are worried that you're doing this. Do you want me to give you, if you if, if it's necessary, given how long it might take, I can send you also the folks that some of your peer LPS of equivalent track sizes. Put it that way, the other major LPS like, if you want to reach out to them and explain that you're doing, I think

Liam Gallacher  12:41:42
I don't want to like, I don't want to talk to anybody, okay, I want to be the only person on this. Okay, I don't want anybody else's opinion, because I'm the one. I think, I think I got a really good idea where we're gonna go, Yeah, okay, I don't want, I don't want too many cooks in the kitchen, yeah, okay, if it's just us three, we can, we can be focused.

Joseph Guzel  12:42:01
Okay, yeah, I really, yeah, you're very excellent at this. I really, really appreciate it. thank you for everything. And please, if you talk to Ben or Susan, please express my thanks as well, from me and McLean. All right, buddy. Take care of yourself. See you, bye.
