Liam Gallacher  11:05:04
So anyways, okay, we're all here. Joe's here, planes, here. Um, okay, we're all good. Okay, so here, here's the, here's the first things first, okay, like, I like, I want to be very clear here. Okay, I'm gonna record this thing for my own records that. Okay, though, gave it both you to record it.

McLain Southworth  11:05:19
Yep, yes, it could be, you asked, because

Liam Gallacher  11:05:22
recording in progress. Okay, I asked we're good. So that's one two. Okay, I'm gonna go away and draft a code of conduct in NDA. I don't want to talk about that on this call, because I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go and draft it with my own lawyers. I'm gonna send it to you guys both. Okay, you guys can red line it, and then we can find a happy medium where we vote, where we all can agree. Okay, is that fair? Yep, yes. Talk about that anymore. Okay, look, other thing, I don't want anybody to talk about what's happened the last two months. I spend a lot of time with both of you on the phone already. I let you guys vent. I've let you guys empathize. I've empathized with your situations. We don't need to talk about that either. Okay, we all agree.

Joseph Guzel  11:06:06
Yes, yep.

Liam Gallacher  11:06:08
Okay, cool. So I think going forward, the two major things that we do on as a group is we need to figure out, hey, how do we all get along for the next 18 months? I think we're all in agreement that we're pretty much in reserves, okay, like we're not thinking about making maybe there's maybe one or two, maybe investments here and there, potentially, potentially, but we're pretty much, we're pretty much good. Okay, I will give you, I want to give you guys a lot of credit here. Okay, both of you, you guys, have built a very good fund. You guys invested in the really, really, really great businesses, and that is a testament to both your guys's hard work and your guys's ability to kind of get shit done. Okay? And I don't want that. I don't want anybody to think anything differently. Okay? I understand that there's been some issues for the last three or four months, and what I want to do is I want to say, hey, look, it's okay that you guys don't want to do Haven two it's okay if you guys don't want to work together anymore. I've been in this situation for with business partners in the past. Partners in the past. Okay, my biggest thing for both you guys is, how do we get it so that you guys can operate this thing for a little bit and then once we get call it 18 months further, you guys can kind of part ways and do whatever the fuck you want, because the things essentially on autopilot. Does that make sense? You guys agree? You guys in agreement? Yeah,

McLain Southworth  11:07:30
certainly about the timeframe, but yeah, I agree in the in terms of principle. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  11:07:35
Joe, yeah, I agree in terms of principle

Joseph Guzel  11:07:38
as well. Okay, so

Liam Gallacher  11:07:40
let's, let's think about timeline then, okay, let's, let's, let's try to agree in timeline. What do you guys think is a fair timeline to 24 months? Is it six months? Well,

McLain Southworth  11:07:48
I guess the question is, if we're going to be going into reserves anyway. I mean, what's, what's the difference between now and 18 months in terms of trying to figure out what autopilot is, I guess is my big question.

Liam Gallacher  11:08:01
Okay, so like elaborate on that, then hopefully, I

McLain Southworth  11:08:04
guess, I guess, what is 18 months bias? Or 24 months bias, right? If we could kind of figure out how to operate this, you know, jointly, but in a way where we kind of all agree on everything right now going forward, right? Why do like, I guess I don't understand

Liam Gallacher  11:08:21
kind of the So, what I'm saying is McLean, right? Like, at some point, at some point, the amount of work that's going to be required, right? Like, both of you guys are going to split off and go do your own things, correct, right? So what we're trying to agree on right now is, how do you guys manage it? Let's say, let's say, you know, let's say you're like, hey, you know what, I'm going to go work for Google. Okay, let's just say, let's just say you're going to go work for Google. Okay, you still, there's still things that have to get done while you're working here, right? But at the same time, though, they're not full time things anymore. So what we need to what we need to agree on is, k like, what is the division of labor for? One, two, how do we, like, all agree that, you know, there's some shit that has to get done, like, for LPS, whether it's reporting, whether it's fucking accounting, all that kind of stuff, right? And at the end of the day, right? Like you guys are still going to be, you know, you're still going to be on the Mastiff until this fun, until fun one goes away and like, what are we in right now? What is it? Year three? Year four,

McLain Southworth  11:09:20
year three. Yeah, that's right, yeah. So is 18 months versus, we pretty much have to do this over 10 year timeline. Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  11:09:27
that's what I'm saying, right? But what I'm saying though, is, is that there's still, there still requires some like, eye on the prize for a little bit. There still requires some eye on the prize for a little bit. But what we're trying to do is, is a two pronged thing, which is, what we're trying to do is we're trying to agree to some, like, core kind of, you know, systems and processes, etc, and division of labor that we're going to go with forward. And then two, how do we make it so that everybody can kind of just, you know, I'm not saying you guys need to be friends, but can all just kind of do that. Let's just do the right thing for Haven and move forward. Does that make that make sense? Is that? Is that okay, Joe, does that make

Joseph Guzel  11:10:03
sense with respect to doing the right thing for Haven Yes, yes. Okay, great.

Liam Gallacher  11:10:11
Okay, so system processes, let's kind of peel this back. Okay, I want to be I want to be clear on this, right, like I understand you guys are a 5050, partnership. That's great, okay, but I think we need to figure out how, how we know a this situation doesn't happen again, and be like, what do you guys think that we need to kind of put in place as a system for the systems and processes that kind of make this thing work going forward? Like, I know right now, I'm a claim that Joe doesn't have access to his email. Is that? Is that correct? Or is that not correct? That is correct. Okay, so he doesn't have access to his email, okay, so Joe's having to operate without an email, kind of doing his Gmail thing, or whatever it is. And hey, look whether, whether, whether that's right or the wrong thing. I think going forward, Joe not having access to his email is probably a detriment to, like, getting this thing working. If that makes any sense, right? If, if we start sent, if he starts sending emails to other LPs, whether it's me or my brother or whoever it is, with a Gmail account, my first question is, is, why the fuck doesn't he have Haven account? Did he leave?

McLain Southworth  11:11:15
Is he doing something else?

Unknown Speaker  11:11:17
So, you know, do you think that's a fair thing that we got to we can restore

McLain Southworth  11:11:22
his if we come to an agreement, and, you know, we reestablish him absolutely. Okay, great.

Joseph Guzel  11:11:29
Okay, that's

Liam Gallacher  11:11:31
good. Okay, so that's good. Secondly, from justice and process standpoint, we got to make sure that on any wire going out period full stop, it's a dual signature, okay, no one should be able to kind of go into the bank, because at the end of the day, when you get LP money in, I think that we just got set systems and processes up with SCV, or whoever we use, where, if McLean sets up a wire, Joe has to approve it. If Joe sets up a wire, McLean has to approve it. You guys both agree with that, yeah. And if enduro sets up a wire, we both have to approve it. Is that fine? Joe, yes, okay, Greg, now, those are the two that I at least know of. Okay, this is where it needs to be a collaborative process. It can't just be me dictating what you guys are going to do, right? Because I'm not going to be able to hold your fucking hands all the time that fair, right? You guys got to be able to just, you know, talk like Kobe and fucking Shaq hated each other. I don't care which one of you guys says is Kobe and one of you guys is SHA guys is a Shaq, they still have to fucking find a way on the court to agree. So for me, why don't you guys, why don't we kind of sit here and spit ball on other things that you guys would like without being fucking defamatory, without fucking, well, bringing up old fucking baggage. Okay, this is supposed to be a collaborative process. Okay, yep, yep. I'm so for okay, what? Joe, why don't you start? What do you want? How do you why don't, why don't we let Joe start, and then we can kind of go from there. Joe, what do you what's another system to process? And so let's just go one at a time. Okay, we can discuss it. Okay, by the way, really quickly. I want to say this too. I'm willing to have as many calls on this to get this thing done. Okay, I'm here for the long run. I care about both you guys. I care about the Haven brand, to care about our investment in it, and I know that it can be really difficult to whatever, but I want to, I want to be part of the solution here. And I want, and I don't care how many calls it takes. Hey, if we can't agree on something today, we might be able to agree on in a week. Is that fair? Yep, yep. Okay, yeah. Appreciate Joe. Give me one. Give me one system, process that you want to talk about. Yeah. To talk about.

Joseph Guzel  11:13:28
So I guess one comment and then one question to be able to answer your question. So, like, my goal is just to find a solution to, you know, to just obviously getting all this past us and making sure that there's no further collateral damage, or direct damage to the portfolio and the brand. As you said, That's it. What? So what can you please define a system and control?

Liam Gallacher  11:13:53
So, like, I would say, this is the processes is right? So we're gonna all gonna agree on a code of conduct, and we're all gonna agree on an NDA, right? So that's pretty simple, right? It's gonna essentially be like, I'm not gonna fucking try and sabotage this. I'm going to act in good faith. I'm going to be a fiduciary blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That's pretty easy, like the system and control is, is that if, if, if you had like a, if you like an LP, do a forensic audit, let's say, right, and they would do a forensic audit of all systems and processes that exist. So how you guys, how you guys initiate wires. How you guys initiate, how you guys essentially take capital, and where's that capital? Where's that cat? Where's where's the capital reserved? Like, is it reserved in an account where only one person has access, or two people have access? How do you guys move money around? What are your guys's requirements for being on a board? What are your requirements for engaging with other LPs? Like, do you both? Are you both on the call, or is it just one person? Do you guys have a Do you guys have a group of LPs in which you say, Hey, Joe is responsible for these LPs. McLean's responsible for these LPs, just like little things like that. It can be, it can be big things like how you move money, but can also be procedural things like, how you doing, like, you know, how you do investors, how, who you know, all that kind of stuff. So that's kind of least how i i Look at system process, systems and process just kind of lead into how you guys operate. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  11:15:10
okay, so it's not, it's not necessarily a control, but it's also just kind of an understanding of how you work together going forward. Yeah, great to

Joseph Guzel  11:15:22
answer your question, Joe, yeah, I think so. Okay, so what you want me to cover, money, movement you want me to cover? You can

Liam Gallacher  11:15:32
pick whatever one. I don't give a fuck. Just pick one. Just pick one, system and process. And we can find, we can figure it out. I think that we should just, I don't think we do, like a million. And then we'll go back and forth, and we'll go from

Joseph Guzel  11:15:41
there. Okay, so, I mean, I'll, I'll take the, not necessarily the stance, but the comment that, like we historically haven't had a problem with this kind of stuff, or in a precedent that was like a even just an operational issue, like with respect to investment decisions and firm operations, with the core libelous, potentially liveless, compliance issues, and a lot of that's because we hired really good back office and, you know, counsel and stuff. We didn't cut the corners. We don't use like carta to manage the firm for fund admin, for example.

McLain Southworth  11:16:20
So they're, hey, Joe, is it possible to get closer? Oh,

Joseph Guzel  11:16:24
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Can you hear me? Yeah, sorry about that. Yeah. So I was saying, I was just making the comment that that with respect to things like consummating investments, approval to consummate investments, both with money movement or with with respect to coming to what in venture, you know, we would say is like non consensus. You never maybe the reason why the funds so good is because we had such healthy debate on everything. Really, the main thing that is an issue is just access controls and putting that in some kind of neutral, I would suggest I don't, and I don't know any of these services candidly, but access controls being put in some kind of neutral third party system that we both have equal access to, where, like with the URL, the domain, things like that, can't be taken by me or by him or by anybody without some kind of trigger so that, you know, system access won't be an issue going forward, you know, and it's something we should have obviously done before, just like, good governance, yeah, and

Unknown Speaker  11:17:39
you okay with that? Yeah, yeah.

McLain Southworth  11:17:41
I don't, I don't, I don't quite know how to structure that, but I can, I completely agree. I think

Joseph Guzel  11:17:47
I now I can't hear you. You might have a piece of paper, yeah, maybe had a

Liam Gallacher  11:17:53
piece Yeah, sorry about that. I bought a fucking I bought this, like Dell computer bucket sucks, yeah, if they fucking hate it.

McLain Southworth  11:18:05
Actually, they updated Zoom's noise canceling feature, and so if someone else is talking, it kind of drown someone else out. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  11:18:11
yeah.

Liam Gallacher  11:18:13
So what fuck them? So, okay, so why? Like, why don't we? Why don't you? Like, I'm not saying you give me control, but like, that's not, that's probably not, not conducive. That's what I said. But like, let's try and figure something out there. Like, I don't know what it is like, like, you know, we can figure something out.

Joseph Guzel  11:18:31
If there's a I'm open to anything, we obviously should yeah, or

Liam Gallacher  11:18:36
Yeah, or, like, what you could do is, you know, like, you could be, like, you could have two co managers. And it's like, you have two co managers and, like, no one you know, you kind of need, you need both, both to approve something or something along those lines. I don't know exactly how that would work. Or, yeah,

McLain Southworth  11:18:51
yeah. I think that's fine, I think. And a lot of this could kind of go with one of my access controls, if, if you want to let me go. And I think it kind of ties into this is just more, which is, I think what we're kind of answering here is, like, some sort of, like, third party mediation that kind of, like helps us make those decisions, right? Yeah, exactly.

Liam Gallacher  11:19:11
It's like one of these things where, like, I don't want to have it, where Joe just says, All right, McClain, can't access the website anymore. And then, and then you call me, and you're like, Yo, I don't have access to the fucking website. Or, like, McLean says to Joe, it's like, okay, you know, like, I've shut down, like, I've shut down your, like, your cell phone, let's say, right? Like i i called AT and T and I shut your fucking phone number down. You're like, whoa. Hold on. This is, this is kind of like, ridiculous, right? Because the problem is, is, then each one of you can then escalate, right? You do this, he does that, and all that's kind of stuff. And then it's just like, hey, let's let we want to always deescalate. So, yeah, let's, let's, I think that's a fair and that's fair. So let's,

Joseph Guzel  11:19:52
I think it covers like, and so if we access controls are broad, so it would cover email and domain password management, cloud file systems. And feel free to jump in McLean if I'm missing one of just, I'm just spitballing slack and internal comms and the data room, which is currently is, has always been kind of in flux. It's just an RG drive, but if we need a different third party kind of data room and the and LP portal, but that's through duro, I believe. So it's really, I don't know if there's a fun panel, is what they call it. If it's tied to, I don't know

McLain Southworth  11:20:36
if either one of us have actually admin access to the fun panel that's entirely led by the dura. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  11:20:40
I Yeah, but yeah, yeah, what I'm Yeah, exactly. I don't know if there's, like a third party admin for Haven kind of thing versus a we have our individual ones, given we're GPS in the fund through our commit, in the LP through the commit, or LPS in the fund through the GP commit, whatever it is. And so, yeah, those those things. And then as well as, you know, bank account, credit card, access, and maybe rethinking that a bit with, with our corporate card, it's tied we, I believe that McLean and I signed up. We run everything through the annex effectively, and so signed up for it with, I think before the fund closed, if I'm not mistaken, McClain and so like, he was either that or something else, which unfortunately tied everything to McLean's account, which also isn't fair to him, to have him be, like, personally liable if there's some kind of catastrophic event or something like that. It's not fair to him, and it's just like, not operationally sound, if there's a corporate card, or if we should use ramp or something like that, I don't know, yeah, yeah.

Liam Gallacher  11:21:50
I think, I think that's, I think that's a good point. I think that that's kind of where, like, it'd be great if you could kind of get all the, like, the financial controls kind of all figured out, right? Where it's like, it's a corporate it's like a haven DC credit card, not tied to because, like, here's the thing, McLean, right? The last thing you want to have happen is, like, it's all good. Everything's great. And then, like, Joe goes and buys like, fucking 80 grand worth of shit, and then you're like, fuck. And then you're kind of stuck with it. I think that's fair. And then B whether, when it comes to, like, the wire stuff, right? And that, that's probably a system and control that we should definitely figure out. Like, we're both of you guys have to approve. And I think the other thing, too, that I think was another contentious thing, was, like the hiring, the hiring kind of firing process, you know, like, if, if you guys want to hire somebody, obviously, like, you don't want to just have somebody just kind of go and just hire someone on your own. I think that it's got to be, it's got to be, it's got to be like, a fair process for both you guys agree, and what I'm also willing to do with that hiring and firing process, and that's also the thing kind of both how we figure out going forward, right? Like, how much work is there left to do? Is there a lot of work left to do? Does it make sense to hire someone in the interim just to kind of help? Does that make sense? Can we? Could all three of us agree on, like, you know, could we, could we all interview someone and then figure out, hey, on a unanimous basis, right? Meaning that all three of us agree on an employee if we need it? Could we all figure out a way to to hire some help, just to kind of, if we need it? That's all I'm trying to say. Like, I think the hiring firing process is another system of process there where we don't want to just sit, sit back and say, Okay, well, you know, one of you guys found someone, you signed something, and then the other person's is kind of like, what the fuck I think that that's another system that we should probably definitely make sure exists, and I think that we should figure out, maybe not On this phone call, because that's like, we don't want to just jam a bunch of shit in here. I want to kind of keep this high level just to make sure that we can all agree, and then we can start going to the nitty gritty on another one. But I think that's another one that I at least see is probably a needed, a needed system process.

McLain Southworth  11:24:00
And I think, like an early version of, kind of my my thinking through this. This was kind of part of the reason why I was thinking half thinking of like doing the fractional CFO thing, because a lot of the responsibility kind of encompasses this, like managing controls and things like that. The more I think about it, I don't know if that expense is necessarily worth it. I mean, it could be, I don't know, depending on how much they charge going forward, in a fund that's kind of in reserves,

Liam Gallacher  11:24:32
yeah, I agree. And, like, maybe, maybe it's not a fractional CFO, right? Like, maybe it's just, like, an answer, something like that, right? Maybe, like, maybe, like, you have an analyst, right? Like, because maybe, like, look, I think you guys are fully capable of doing a lot. Maybe it's someone that can help you. Like, do all the like, do all the nitty gritty bullshit stuff. Like, hey, maybe, you know, McLean. I'm pretty sure you're like, whoever's in control the audit, right? Hey, can you go and run give me all this shit. Can you get it, all the stuff for him, for you? Or, hey, you know what? Take a first stab at the fucking quarterly thing. And then, and then McLean, McClain and Joe and I will not be, you know, I will, and Joe will, like, look at it, and we'll edit it, or something like that, right where, like, you guys can be focused more on the high level stuff, like the boards and dealing with the founders and all that kind of shit. Have a little guy just kind of doing all the other like Dominion work that, you know, takes a lot of fucking time, but also isn't that big of an expense, but that's something that we can talk about at a later date. But I think that's another system that, hey, you both got to agree like, if you both agree on, you both agree on hiring someone, right? There's also got to be a mechanism there to be like, Hey, how do we like, maybe we don't like the same candidates, or whatever it is. But how do we, how do we say, hey, we both agree that we need somebody. How do we, how do we, how do we make sure that that comes to fruition? Yeah, kind of right. Like, how do we make sure that comes to fruition? Yeah, okay, so I think we kind of got some high level there that's good. I think that we can kind of go for I think we can kind of like, let's move forward. I think the more important thing now, which, I think is which, obviously, is, how do we, how do we do the division of labor here? Does it make sense? I think this is something that we can figure out on this call, right? Because we can sit here for an hour going through all the nitty gritty, but like, how exactly are we going to, you know, fix this domain. I think a lot of this stuff is to go back and talk to your providers and say, hey, here are the issues that exist. How can we do this? I think the division of labor is something that we can definitely figure out on this call. Yeah, I think it's very important, because we all need to agree on what's everybody responsible for and what's everybody doing, okay? And so let's put them into buckets. Okay? So you know, you guys know the division, you guys know the roles that exist. So why don't we, why don't we just start naming them off, I'll write them down, and then we can start figuring out, okay, who's responsible for

McLain Southworth  11:26:54
what? So I think there's obviously portfolio board coverage, okay? Or and when I say board coverage, I mean just portfolio coverage in general, because it might be you don't have a board seat, but you know what? I mean, yeah, agreed. Then there's,

Unknown Speaker  11:27:09
like, the audit,

McLain Southworth  11:27:10
the audit,

Unknown Speaker  11:27:12
there's tax, like, tax and K ones, there's

McLain Southworth  11:27:15
tax and K ones, which I would actually kind of lump into the audit process. Okay, there's, there's obviously reporting,

Liam Gallacher  11:27:25
yeah, the quarterly report, there's, yeah, like, there's like, LP, outreach, like, you guys got, like, you know, you guys, you have to have calls and shit like that. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  11:27:34
and then there's quarterly valuation with duro.

Unknown Speaker  11:27:43
There's like, there's like, there's cash management.

McLain Southworth  11:27:47
I'm trying

Liam Gallacher  11:27:49
to think there's, there's like capital calls all that bullshit. That's pretty simple. There's like, and then there's like, and there's just, like, the day to day operation of the firm, right? So there's probably a lot there, like, just like the day to day, like, blocking and tackling of you know, I'm sure that maybe that's already probably in there's anything else, am I missing it? So we got portfolio, board coverage, we got audit, we got reporting, we got LP outreach, we got quarterly valuation, we got kind of like the cash management capital BS, is there anything else, Joe? Is there anything else

Joseph Guzel  11:28:20
we're missing that are like core buckets? So yeah, all the general so you covered all the general fund administrative. Maybe another way to look at it is the recurring and non recurring sure operations, almost like fixing so like portfolio

Liam Gallacher  11:28:38
and board coverage is recurring. Audit is recurring, reporting is recurring, LP outreach, that might be non recurring, because once we get into, once you get into reserves, right, like you might not be calling them as much. You might just be only just sending them a quarterly report if they want to have a call. That could be

Joseph Guzel  11:28:54
it. But yeah, the recurring,

McLain Southworth  11:28:56
yeah, yeah, a lot of this stuff, I would say kind of the non recurring is kind of inbound things or things that pop up, right? Um,

Liam Gallacher  11:29:04
no, what were you? What did you want to say? Sorry, I interrupted you, me, or me or Joe. I interrupt. I interrupted Joe.

Joseph Guzel  11:29:12
Okay, yeah. So I'm just going to list them off, even if we already said them just for my own. Yeah, so if I think of the recurring firm management activities that are fixed, like the tide. It's it's the accounting activities around roll up of financials, expenses and which I guess you would bucket as cash. That's what you meant by cash management, because cash management can can mean many things here. Yeah, then there is audit tax timeline for compiling and publishing of reporting, compiling and publishing of metrics or data points or any, any, any of the resources that are that come as a result of both fixed and recurring, sorry, both recurring and non recurring, at firm activities that then are both necessary and sufficient to complete those recurring tasks. So a long winded way of saying, like, if there's a board deck and there's metrics and it needs to or evaluation change or something like that, then yeah, that's something that can pop up tomorrow or not, or whatever, and that data is, is a requirement to be able to do normal firm operations of getting that, you know, and I guess. And then, of course, capital calls and stuff do fall into that as well in recurring and I'm trying to think if there's any other thing that could possibly be missing, oh, fight like filing and renewal of things like Delaware stuff, what's all that stuff,

McLain Southworth  11:31:16
ADV and all the SEC registrations and shit like

Joseph Guzel  11:31:20
that, and just like that kind of upkeep, right where it's like, making sure that everything doesn't shut off, yeah, yeah, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  11:31:28
exactly. That's fair. So you kind of have, so if I were to put into major buckets, right, let's just say the major buckets, right. So the major buckets are accounting and finance, okay, so that kind of that covers your roll up of financials, expense management, cash management, capital calls all of your different, like, all of your different, like, state level, state level, like, filing fees and all that kind of shit, you know, Delaware, all that kind of stuff. That's, that's kind of one Okay, quarterly valuation. And then, like, and honestly, like, an honest, and then there's part, there's part reporting in there, right? That's your, like, financials, all that kind of stuff. Okay, then you have portfolio and board coverage, which is like blocking and tackling with your founders, blocking and tackling with your portfolio companies, dealing with, you know, when they're doing, like a series, a or another, or a bridge round, or whatever it is, okay, that's both recurring and non recurring, because, you know, you might only, you know, you might have one company that does a Series A, and they only do one Series A. You never have to fucking worry about that ever again. And then you do, you have another one that maybe you have another one that's constantly like, maybe they need more help. Like, you gotta, like, go and help them figure out, find clients all that kind of shit. They audit, audit audit, tax and K ones that kind of goes into account in finance, and then the last one is, the last one is kind of LP outreach, quarterly reporting, all that kind of shit. So I miss anything is that? Is that

McLain Southworth  11:32:58
I would just say, I would just say, I say this with an asterisk, because 100% has to be collaborative, but just reserve management.

Liam Gallacher  11:33:08
Yeah, that's fair. Yes, yes, yes, yes, reserve management. And that goes into the accounting and finance, and that's important,

McLain Southworth  11:33:13
right? That one has to be collaborative, right? Because, yeah, unilaterally decide one company gets all the reserves and one doesn't

Liam Gallacher  11:33:21
Fuck no, and you wouldn't want that either, right? Okay, and so and so. So now what we do, right is, is, let's figure out, like, let's figure out what would be collaborative, right? There's because there gonna be some stuff that's gonna be collaborative, and there's be some stuff that, hey, you guys up, if it's the way it is. So the collaborative stuff, I'm just so that's that, that'd be reserved management. Hey, there we go. Hey, look, yeah, look at this. You've made you're using your business. This is business school, right here. All we need is a SWAT. Need a SWOT analysis. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  11:33:59
I do love a good SWOT analysis. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  11:34:02
I'm always thinking works. So it's the end. We had so accounting finance, we had quarterly reporting. And then what was the third one you said before I explained this. This

Liam Gallacher  11:34:14
is out this. This is this. This would be like LP, like LP like community, like LP communication and LP com, LP communication, and then portfolio and board coverage. So,

Joseph Guzel  11:34:25
so LP comms defined as how, you know, take that off,

Liam Gallacher  11:34:30
take LP comes up. Put portfolio on board coverage. Put portfolio on board coverage. Portfolio.

Joseph Guzel  11:34:36
So, okay, Portfolio Plus,

Liam Gallacher  11:34:41
and then, and then, what's, what's, what's the one on the on the right, that's that Portfolio Plus investor I

Joseph Guzel  11:34:47
had, uh, I had, right here as one bucket portfolio management and investment activities, yeah, that,

Liam Gallacher  11:34:54
that one is, that is one that's for sure, one that's for sure. One, I think you got to break up portfolio board coverage because, because this is, this is more like, Hey, who's responsible for this company, who's responsible for that company, etc, so

Joseph Guzel  11:35:07
investment activities as its own bucket. And, yeah, so with board coverage, so this, these are both fixed and variable, right? And everything, yes. So look at, look at outside the circle. Is a fixed thing and then a variable thing in each and that's fair. And

Liam Gallacher  11:35:27
the sauce. Okay, so now, so now let's figure out. I think, I think the big, the first thing that we need to figure out is what is collaborative. Because, because once we figure out what's collaborative, then we can start figuring out, then we can start divvying up, okay, who's responsible for this, who's responsible for that, who's responsible for this, who's responsible for that? Yeah, and then, and then we don't have to work, and then we can just kind of go from there.

McLain Southworth  11:35:48
So I would say that at a high level, and we could kind of break it down more granularly as well. I think General quarterly slash reporting and investment activities should both, on a high level, be collaborative.

Unknown Speaker  11:36:01
Okay, so he agree.

Joseph Guzel  11:36:05
So quarterly Q reports, do I agree that they are, that they should be collaborative? Yes, correct. So that in the circle, you know, so in the circle is collaborative outside, excuse me, yeah. So the blue

Unknown Speaker  11:36:24
word says collaborative, right? Yeah.

Joseph Guzel  11:36:26
So, so the concentric circle here is just, I'm putting, if it's inside the circle, then it's something that is a variable, slash collaborative firm activity, or whether that be related to, you know, related to fixed one of the buckets. But it's the collaborative activity. So it's like, it's not something that you

Liam Gallacher  11:36:47
got inside the circles, collaborative outside the circles not it's not

Joseph Guzel  11:36:53
an FYI activity. It's, it's a, it's a FYI plus, right? Collaborative plus FYI or something like that.

Liam Gallacher  11:37:01
And what does the blue word inside says quarterly reports. Sorry. Okay, that says quarterly reports. Okay, great. Okay. So yes, I would agree quarterly reporting is a collaborative process, writing, writing the quarterly report and writing the write up of it is collaborative,

Unknown Speaker  11:37:18
yep, so make before

Liam Gallacher  11:37:21
it goes out, yeah. And then reserve management, that's that, that, that's 100% collaborative, yeah, that's under investment activities, yeah? So that's, that's, that's collaborative. I would say, like, okay, so that that's there, what else you guys, you know, what else is, what else? What else is there? Say is, is, is collaborative. Probably, I'd probably say, like, some of the portfolio and board coverage would probably be collaborative as well. So you guys can talk about things, right? If one of you is on a board, your opportunity to try to collaborate on like, hey, what do you think about this? What do you think about that? Does that make sense? Maybe it's not 100% collaborative, but

McLain Southworth  11:37:58
it's somewhat collaborative, I think, especially as it relates to things like ongoing interest. In a company, right? You know, does it make sense to have them continue operating, versus, should we have them fold, right? Things like that. What's the problem I'm looking for? You know, the ongoing interest, or, you know what I'm talking about,

Liam Gallacher  11:38:26
yeah, no, like, it's like, you're essentially, like, it's essentially like, like, the going concerns of the business, going was exactly the phrase I was trying to figure out, the going concern of the business, it's like, does this, is this business worth our time, or is it not worth our time? Should we step off the board, or should we stay on the board? Things like that. So going

Joseph Guzel  11:38:42
concerns, and then perhaps messaging and align, alignment on messaging and comms to portfolio founders and their, you know, the syndicates,

Liam Gallacher  11:39:04
yeah, for sure, and like, and even if you guys want an SPV on the board, regardless

Joseph Guzel  11:39:07
of who's on the board. So how out Yeah, happens to founders and having a unified message,

Liam Gallacher  11:39:16
yeah, I think that, like, everybody should be CC on anything. Like, if, if, if McLean has an idea for Adam at Hamza, right? Joe and everybody should be on that. Everybody should be on that. Neither of you should be taking one another off. Yeah, both of you guys, like, like, even if it's even if it's like, you know, I think that both of you guys should be or, if you have a phone call, right, you guys should debrief with one another. Hey, I talked to this guy. This is what's going on. Like, this is what I think, or whatever it is, right? Like, I think that it should be, that should be, definitely a collaborative process. Am I wrong for Senator McLean? I think it

McLain Southworth  11:39:50
corrects. I would say, though, where I think a lot of complication comes in is, you know, and however we develop the portfolio, when you're communicating with the LP in a board meeting, giving an opinion, you know, without,

Liam Gallacher  11:40:03
no, no, you're not stepping out to call, but I think what you guys can do is you guys can establish, like, how I see this game established, is you guys do normal course business, and then, like, on a Friday afternoon, you have a phone call, and you kind of go, you debrief on everything. And what you also make sure of is that on your, like, your email policy to companies, right? Because you guys are a team, right? Everybody needs to be BCC, everybody needs to be. CC, whether Joe saying something fucking. Hamza, okay, McClain, you're on the email every single time, no matter what follow

Joseph Guzel  11:40:35
ups on phone calls with if phone calls are happening, what you know? Just a classic summary what was discussed.

Liam Gallacher  11:40:44
Yeah, exactly. Hey, I talked to this guy. This is what he said. This is great. I think everybody needs to be in the loop. Yeah, I think, I think it's also, I think if communication breaks down, this is where, this is, you know, this is why we're having this. Let's, let's keep going, particularly

Joseph Guzel  11:40:59
for companies where, where, if, if there's it's not just like a financing event. It's more like the fiduciary responsibility of being on the board, and the dynamics as like a director versus observer versus like a lot of sometimes you're an observer, you feel like a director. And just the sensitivity with respect to how to handle that should be just alignment, because it Yeah, it becomes, it opens the fund and the company up for existential risk that can prohibit us from extracting value properly.

Liam Gallacher  11:41:39
Yeah, I agree. Like, I think that's kind of the whole point of these systems and processes and like divvying up work, right? We want to make sure that no one impairs the value. No one impairs the name of Haven. Yeah, right? Like no one's bigger than the company. Yeah. So at the end of the day, both your guys's actions and responsibilities are to Haven, not to each other, and I think that, or for yourself, yes, exactly. You're, you're, you're operating in, what is the best interest in Haven what's not, what's the best interest of Joe Guzel or McLean Southworth? And I think that. And then at the same time, it's like, Hey, I'm going to think, like, an LP, not a GP. How does this, you know, I want to make sure that when I'm when I'm when I'm operating, I'm doing something. Is this going to put me in the detriment of another like, what if I told what I was doing to an LP? Would they say, What the fuck do you need my money back, kind of thing? So I think that at the end of the day, no, this is good. You guys are starting to, like, we're trying to figure things out now. Is there any other collaborative stuff? Like, is there any other is there, is there more collaborative things that you guys can be doing? Or is this kind of a good overview, or do we need to add more? Yeah, the

Joseph Guzel  11:42:44
same, I think the same, and feel free to either disagree or iterate on this McLean, but the same, that same methodology and treatment with respect to the portfolio also persists to service providers, as well as when I say Syndicate, I also mean like the messaging for with respect to the firm, the portfolio, and what is happening within, in the plans for Haven or whatever, whatever we are, you know, basically our talking points here, so that it's like always, regardless of what's going on, Haven appears to be solid, whether or not it is because in the absence of that, we can't extract value, it hinders our ability to extract value from the portfolio, from the investments that we've made and or the ones that we may make in existing or net new portfolio companies, or net new companies going forward, or anything like that. Or even because, yeah, like, hinder our ability to, let's say, liquidate. Like,

Liam Gallacher  11:43:58
I'll use, I'll use a sports analogy, right? Like, whatever happens in the room stays in the room, okay? Like, outside of the room, it's a unified front. Yeah, everything's great. Buck off inside the room. You know, one of you guys could have thought the other guy's wife and the guy spot, okay? Like, it like, you know, but that never, that never leaks after the media. So my view is, is that, yeah, you guys want to be a unified front, um, we and, yeah, but it goes for both of you. It's not just, it's not just, it's not just one person's doing this. It's like both. Both people need to be on the unified front aspect.

Joseph Guzel  11:44:31
The other, okay, the other would go on.

McLain Southworth  11:44:34
Can I just one asterisk? So I would just like to emphasize kind of like in the normal operations of business too, right? Because obviously, if there's kind of these outside things where it's just kind of where we found ourselves right now, it's kind of hard to get around some of the stuff,

Liam Gallacher  11:44:48
right? No, for sure. McLean, yes, this is the whole point we're having this fucking call. There's a reason why there's that's kind of where

McLain Southworth  11:44:55
that's the assumption.

Liam Gallacher  11:44:59
That's the whole reason why I quickly glossed over the, the the, you know, the the code of conduct in the NDA is because that's just that, that's that should, that should be just a fucking given, yeah, how you guys operate in a day to day is going to percolate into how you guys operate on the outside too. It's like, if the core is rotten the apple spot. So the how you do the day to day is essentially the core of your business, and that then that spreads out into everything else. So my view is, is that once we agree on the on the core principles and the NDA, that that should, that should kind of, that should be kind of the guiding light, the North Star of how this is going to go, and then, and then why we're figuring out systems and processes and division of labor is because then we can, then everybody can sit there and say, Hey, yes, I agree. We're, this is what I'm responsible for. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  11:45:54
yeah. Cool. Okay, so

Liam Gallacher  11:45:59
is there anything more, is there anything more collaborative that we got to go over? Does that kind of it? Is that kind of, it is that kind of encapsulated. Right now, what do we have for collaborative we've got reserve management, we've got portfolio, portfolio kind of company discussion, like, where you're kind of like discussing strategy and shit like that. That's kind of, that's kind of broad, but we've got, we've got quarterly reporting messaging, yeah, quarterly reporting. We've got like, you know, in like LP outreach, like messaging that you guys are gonna agree on. Okay, so anything else wrong for that? Joe?

Joseph Guzel  11:46:45
What else did I miss? Would be like, Yeah, I mean, like, I mean valuations, like, some of some of this with respect to things like, and again, we haven't had a precedent of this being an issue by nature of just at all, but it's when you think of Accounting and Finance, something like valuations. There is the aspect of them that are black and white, but at the point in the portfolio, the point in the at the current state of the fund, which we can get into at a later time, the the decisions for which valuation is comes comes in as, like, marking things up and marking things down that may it's not just deciding to shut things down. It's you. That's all that's always a lot harder and yeah, marketing up to to 250 post now or later. And that's, that's, it's, you know, we have, we have a pretty good standard of that. It's like, whatever's best, right? As usually how we that hasn't been an issue for us historically. Let's put it down because it's just rash. I think,

McLain Southworth  11:48:02
I think that there is, I do think. And just for the sake of this, this conversation, I think there are things who are thought about it through this audit process, of things that could be hard and fast rules as it comes to its valuation, right? Because, like, for example, the auditing team is always going to be, like, really pressing hard on on companies that have less than four months of runway, right? For example, or three, three to four months of runway. And kind of, talking to other VC firms, I found out that a lot of them, or most of them, kind of, they just, when it gets to a certain threshold of cash, they just write it down to zero, and then they can always resurrect it later, right? And so we could almost come up with processes like this, where it's just like this triggers, you know, right down to zero, or this triggers like a 50% cut in valuation, right? The someone getting an up round is the only thing that triggers an up valuation, right? I think you can kind of come up with, like, rules and processes around that too. We're kind of take that off the collaborative nature of it, which

Joseph Guzel  11:49:04
to McLean's Good point. We actually established those formally in our I believe there's in a data room probably somewhere, but we've been operating the firm strictly under those guidelines with valuations. We don't, to McLean's point, we don't mark up notes. For example, pharma from a reporting perspective, even if we track them differently from a reserves perspective to to correlate to, you know, future investments or reserves so like, Yeah, we actually have a pretty hard and fast set of rules there in place, but if they need to be revisited, you should do that. Yeah, right.

Liam Gallacher  11:49:49
Look, I think we're getting into the weeds here, just like we've gotten the weeds. So we need to kind of just get back up to more 30,000 feet. That's what this call is supposed to be. Like we're gonna, we're gonna go from 30,000 feet to 10,000 feet in the next call, hopefully we can get all the way to the fucking ground level. Okay, but my goal is, is that, hey, wait for a bit. You

McLain Southworth  11:50:07
go to the bathroom or something.

Joseph Guzel  11:50:12
Sorry. It's all

Liam Gallacher  11:50:13
good, whatever we don't Yeah, I want to get to the point where I don't have to be on this. I want to get to the point where you guys can just, I can pass the ball off to you guys. You guys need to turn the AC on. It's all good, dude. Don't worry about it. Okay? So think we've got kind of that now, I say we figure out, okay, like, what's not collaborative meaning that, like this is, this is an action item that someone is responsible for, that I would say, rolls up into a collaborative process, but is more of like a hey, this is, like, my thing that I'm responsible for. So I think that that's like, things like financials, rolling up the financials, expense management, you know, like, Who, who, who notifies LPS for cat, for capital calls, who's, who's operating the cash who's, who's doing cash management, who's doing your like, reserve, like, Who's, who's, how are you guys? How are you guys thinking about maybe there's a good one who's like, who's at least drafting the first iteration of your quarterly reports, or your or your or your audited financials, or who's doing your tax who's doing your K ones, what boards are you guys on which portfolio companies are your responsibility and somebody else's responsibility? So I think those are kind of the thing. And if I missed anything, that's okay, we can, we can, we can, kind of, we can catch that. But why don't we start with accounting and finance? Let's start with that one. Okay, because that one's a pretty simple who's responsible for what? And let's, let's get that on. Let's get that out right now. Okay,

McLain Southworth  11:51:50
yeah, I mean, I'm happy to, I'm happy to take point on audit and tax. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  11:52:01
okay, Joey. Joe Are you fine with

McLain Southworth  11:52:03
your help on on things like valuations for your portfolio companies and things like that. But hopefully that's been established on a quarterly basis. So it shouldn't be a huge lift with

Joseph Guzel  11:52:12
this one. It might be better to it might be good to loop in to kind of table it respectfully and to, like, once we've been collab, like, iterate on it overriding. Because I think we all agree on the buckets, but there is, like, the what in the how for accounting and finance, where they're not really, I wouldn't consider them our most contentious issue. It's more so let's, let's,

Liam Gallacher  11:52:37
let's start with portfolio companies. And how's that sound better?

Joseph Guzel  11:52:42
Sure. So this is, this

McLain Southworth  11:52:45
is, this is how I broke it up. Joe, tell me if you are in agreement or disagreement. I'm

Liam Gallacher  11:52:55
talking, why don't we? Why don't we go, let's go over the least contentious ones first. I think this

McLain Southworth  11:53:01
is pretty I think this is pretty low contention, but, but Joe, just tell me here so your company's Hamza cast every set, super connector, brick, dynamics, Pico, I um,

Joseph Guzel  11:53:30
and keep going. That's,

McLain Southworth  11:53:32
that's it for right now. And I'm saying I could take, I could take the rest of them. Essentially it

Joseph Guzel  11:53:38
is it as respect to just

McLain Southworth  11:53:42
main point of main point of contact, main point of meeting them as a portfolio company, I'm also happy to take any of those off of your hand too, if you'd like.

Joseph Guzel  11:53:53
So there is okay, and then what are the other ones? I'm looking around from my list, the list.

Liam Gallacher  11:54:03
I mean, just make sure I've got the list here. So I so we're so, so I got it on my thing. Okay, so Joe is Hamza. It's called Cat. Is it cast like, C, A, S, T, yeah, yep. Every set, yep. Super connector, uh huh. Is it called break dynamics? Brick, as in, like, okay, brick dynamics. And then Pico, like, p, i, c, o, p, i, k, l, okay, okay. And then I'm assuming that, and when I mean portfolio companies, right? Like this also, this also includes board as well, right? This is like, I'm assuming that if Joe is responsible or McLean's responsible, you are also either the observer on the board or you are actually the director on the board. Yeah? I

McLain Southworth  11:54:49
think all of these, all of those ones I just listed, except maybe super protector. Do we have to see it there? I don't even know. But I think all of the ones that I listed, there's a board seat associated

Joseph Guzel  11:55:00
with it, yeah, so I'm looking at the reserves model right now, I can share it with you guys, but the there are separating things by cohorts. Hamza, we have a board, Director, seat, cast, every set, super connector. Rick, Pico, Pico, I'm, I'm not sure if it's director or observer, but I believe it's director. And there is the other ones that were not mentioned, that are still that are I want to say I require management due to, due to, due to director or observer responsibility. So like, I'm trying in my head, I'm like, we're, we're like, tied to the to the SBA of that company, whether or not it's, it's, it's a value, a fund value driver, as defined by, you know, traction, or whatever else would be volta and wieldy and treebo Auto lab, elixir,

McLain Southworth  11:56:19
yeah, we don't really do anything for elixir, but yeah,

Joseph Guzel  11:56:21
yeah, oh Yeah, we could. I think McLean's right. We

Liam Gallacher  11:56:27
also should. We should also, we should also figure out what companies, what companies are not worth anybody talking about. Let's figure that one out first,

McLain Southworth  11:56:36
talking about our free bow and elixir. Right

Joseph Guzel  11:56:38
now, it's so like our oldest company. So our first investment was done 38 months. Has been active for 38 months, just just so you know. And we have 21 investments, Initial Investments consummated to date. And then, however, the the initial five investments are still active. And

Liam Gallacher  11:57:12
are we talking about, like, sock and stuff like that? Yeah, so sock, like

Joseph Guzel  11:57:15
McLean, and it's, I don't think that one's unless you disagree, McLean contentious, like the some of this stuff was get was we were cleaning up and doing this kind of work clean up prior to events of May 5, sure.

Liam Gallacher  11:57:27
So let's, let's kind of okay, so let's, let's just kind

Joseph Guzel  11:57:31
of shutting down. But also, we had discussed McLean and I strategy for leveraging those assets to drive value and other portfolio. Let's, let's kind of back up. Yeah, it's not let's,

Liam Gallacher  11:57:45
let's, let's kind of move back up, right? So, like, sorry. Does apologize? It's okay. This is the whole point is, we're having a conversation. Yeah, there's no, there's nothing. Don't need to apologize. What I'm saying is, is, it's like, let's just figure out the shit that matters to begin with, and then we can start, then we can kind of get more granulate. So, like, okay, obviously Hamza matters. So does every set okay? I even know what those fucking companies are. Okay, like, I like, you know, I'm an LP, and I know what they are, right? All the other ones probably don't know a whole lot about them, but those two obviously drive value now McLean, so we've kind of talked about Joe's numbers, Joe's companies. So with you, what are the companies that you, that you think that you like, that you're either on the board of right now, or that you that you will run point on?

McLain Southworth  11:58:31
Yeah. So we can go, well, we can start with Porgy, which is one that just closed in this top of mind.

Liam Gallacher  11:58:36
Okay, so how do you spell that one? It's like the dog. Oh. Corgi. Okay. Corgi, okay. And then

McLain Southworth  11:58:43
apoluma, like the horse, okay?

Unknown Speaker  11:58:48
APA, Luma, okay.

Joseph Guzel  11:58:52
Those are net new those. Those were done in March 15 for Apple Luma and April 30. Those close within two weeks of each other, yeah. So those are great new solvent, not necessarily value drivers yet, because they're new, so we don't know, right? No,

Liam Gallacher  11:59:08
but doesn't matter. Like, that's just, we're just, we're just, we're just laying out companies right now. So Lumo volta

McLain Southworth  11:59:16
auto lab, hey, I can take, I can take, will be

Unknown Speaker  11:59:23
they spell that. So

McLain Southworth  11:59:25
it's like, W, E, I, L, d y, I think

Joseph Guzel  11:59:28
it's actually, they will leave they got you actually, W, I, E, L, d y, I think, right, okay, I would always get that wrong.

McLain Southworth  11:59:37
Second, l, basically,

Liam Gallacher  11:59:38
yeah, okay. And is that board director? No. Board director, no director, board

Joseph Guzel  11:59:42
observer and his, yeah, and then

McLain Southworth  11:59:46
like things like elixir, I don't think we need independent coverage on that. Trevo, I mean, I'm happy to do it. I think we're going to spend less and less time on that going forward.

Liam Gallacher  11:59:57
Okay, so, so realistically, the companies that matter are palms of the cast, every set, super connector, brick, dynamics, Pico, Corgi, Apollo, volta, on 11 wheeled leads that correct? Yeah. So that's 1-234-567-8910, it's 11 companies

Joseph Guzel  12:00:13
and so in, yeah, and so on. Like, again, on that like, given where we're at with the fund, volta is 33 months active in the portfolio. Wheel the is 28 months active in the portfolio. Auto lab, 25 months active in the portfolio. And tribo, 19 months active in the portfolio. So I say that because decisions, you know with respect to how to hold those assets need to be made. So like sock, for example, which we know is is now shutting down. Haven has a claim to those assets. I'm not trying to get in the weeds, leaning apologies and so

Unknown Speaker  12:01:04
no, I agree.

Joseph Guzel  12:01:06
Do we so? Like a Duro and US discussed last week, it was trying to close out the q1 stuff, which was like, Okay, do we mark that down to zero or not, relative to, you know?

McLain Southworth  12:01:20
And I think, I mean, I think so, my personal view on that and and just as some context to Joe, Brian and Chris are actually talking to George on Monday, because what's his name, Rick Johansen has been advising George and thinks that actually there is real collaboration there. I think we let them make that decision. If there's something that could come out of it that's really interesting, we can still own the asset. They could lease it. But I think for the sake of the company, it should be marked down to zero, even though there might be some sort of residual value on the actual IP Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:02:02
they have a claim to the product, and so how we decide to value that product is what it will dictate how it gets reported. Yeah, and that's separate, though, from Chris and Brian have taken full time jobs elsewhere. Yeah, we had discussed it's their tip job. So it's, I don't, they're not going to go join, they're probably not going to go join something else. That's their prerogative. But also, where those assets like that?

Speaker 1  12:02:38
Yeah, I think the easiest Value

Joseph Guzel  12:02:41
Fund value to drive fund value for the assets that

Liam Gallacher  12:02:45
we can. I just, can? I just interrupt guys, like, look, we've already agreed that reserve management's collaborative, right? You know, yeah, yeah. And we have a, okay, so, like, reserve management's collaborative. So no one's gonna go and tell auto lab if they're raising money, that they're gonna that we're gonna do the pro rata on a rogue basis,

Joseph Guzel  12:03:04
correct? Yeah, and we Okay, and we, or even Yeah.

Liam Gallacher  12:03:07
So what I'm saying is, is that the reserve management has already been proven to be collaborative. So both you guys will have to agree, if you guys put any more money in any of these businesses, yeah, yeah. But I think for this, for right now, right, it doesn't matter if the business is successful or unsuccessful at this point. All that matters is, we're just trying to get a division of labor as to who's responsible for what, and if we fucking agree. Yeah, right. So, like, we agree on this split, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:03:33
and Liam the so I can run through it'll be helpful for your context. Like, we can run through the which ones have received reserves to date. Thus, sure,

McLain Southworth  12:03:41
but yeah, I guess to Liam's point, though, like, because that's important, I think, I think kind of staying at a high level, though. I mean, is there any contention around either any of these companies being in one bucket or the other?

Joseph Guzel  12:03:56
I wouldn't say, I wouldn't say contention, but it's because Liam doesn't, obviously, he's not in the weeds here. So, like, knowing what is an initial investment relative to what has already received reserves and or multiple reserves

McLain Southworth  12:04:11
is always going to be collaborative. Doesn't matter if they

Unknown Speaker  12:04:15
Yeah, that's that's

Joseph Guzel  12:04:18
making a decision to make reserves. I'm simply talking on a black and white like, has this portfolio company received reserve, follow on investment flow, even ventures, yes, and Joe, yeah, Joe,

Liam Gallacher  12:04:29
I'm gonna tell you right now. I don't care. Okay, I don't care. I don't I don't care that. Don't care. Yeah, I don't care at all. All I'm trying to figure out right now, as trying to help this firm out, is I'm just trying to, I'm just trying to get it so that both you guys can agree on a recorded call, that you guys agree to this split of these companies, and that I don't have to ever, ever, ever hear one of you complain that somebody that McLean on the board of Corgi and you want to be on that board, because right now we're just hear me out. So I'm making a hypothetical thing up. I'm just saying, based on this right here, Joe is responsible for Hamza cast every set, super connector, brick, dynamic, Pico, McLean. Is that okay? Yes,

McLain Southworth  12:05:13
great for you. Or is that is that too much for you? That good Joe.

Joseph Guzel  12:05:20
Well, I need to, let's all follow up in writing, because I the reserves piece is important relative to the details are important here. Because, at the at the point we're at with the fund, I'm not necessarily saying that it should be split or whatever like that. I'm not talking about the management day to day of the assets. I'm saying that with certain assets, if, because we can only go forward, it's about extracting value like we're in year three, but it's really year four, and we're at effectively 70 to 80% invested in, deployed in the fund today. So the initial, initial investment periods approaching, you know, it's its end. So the, I think it's more like decisions on what is harvestable and when, with respect to the things

McLain Southworth  12:06:11
that are well, you guys are going to figure that out. You're going to find that in terms of valuations and reserve, Joe,

Liam Gallacher  12:06:18
we're not like, we're like, you guys are going to have to, like, I won't be able to get on a phone call with you guys every single time figuring out if you guys should put money in the hums or not, right? I think at the end of the day, like, what I gave you guys money to do, what Panama gave you guys money to do, whatever I gave you guys money to do, and what you guys have actually been very successful at is being good allocators of capital. Okay? Like, if this thing was falling apart, no one would care. But the fact is, is that you guys have done a very good job up at this point of investing. So I what I'm just all we're trying to do here is, are you okay, Joe, with being responsible for those companies and being on the board of those companies and being the point person for the company, you will have to guys collaborate on who gets reserves. You'll have to there's only 20% of the fund left, so it's a 40 million it's a $44 million fund. So that means that there's only $8 million left for you guys to for you guys to allocate, if, if you even allocated at all. Right, you're obviously going to invest in your breakaway winner.

Joseph Guzel  12:07:15
It's less than that in the absence of cycling. Liam, yeah, so it's more. So all

Liam Gallacher  12:07:21
I'm trying to do is, all I'm just trying to say, Joe, it's a pretty simple like, yes or no. Are you okay with dealing with those companies, with

Joseph Guzel  12:07:29
the ones that, if dealing means, like, continued management of the ones Yes, then the answer is yes. Again, okay listed. But with the other ones, I just, I need to put some thought into it, because

Liam Gallacher  12:07:44
what do you mean with corgi appaloo? Sorry, not

Joseph Guzel  12:07:48
with, not with Corgi and Apple, Luma and stuff. It's companies that have have been active for a long time and received reserves, whether or not you know they should be, how they should be managed, with respect to the entire fund being value accretive, those assets also matter just as much as, like a Hamza, like, what to do with the Volta matters just as much as what to what to do with Hamza, right? When the fund being a good, like, body of work to write the signs he'll deliver.

Liam Gallacher  12:08:26
Okay? So, so I think at this point, all I'm trying to figure out is, is, is this like, like it's I don't, I still don't understand why it's hard. Like we're not talking about anything else. We're just talking about, do you, are you okay with McLean being on the board of Corgi? Yes or No, yeah, yeah, okay. Are you okay with McLean being on the board of apilumi? Yes or no? Yes, okay. Are you okay with board with McLean being on the board of Volta? Yes or no, yes. Are you okay with McLean being on the board of auto lab? Yes or no, yes. Are you okay with McLean being on the board of Weald even the observer on the on wheel? Yes or no, yes.

Joseph Guzel  12:09:03
Okay. I decision aid and alignment needs to be had with respect to how to manage those assets, because, because Joe, because there's some of my

Liam Gallacher  12:09:17
fucking This is the first fucking call. Gotcha. Gotcha. I'm not, literally not the first call. And I'm trying to sit here and say, Look, we're just trying to we're just trying to make sure that we understand the division of labor so there's no bullshit going forward. The division of all I'm trying to do here is trying to help you guys

Joseph Guzel  12:09:34
out. That's it. The division of labor is not an issue. It's the only

Liam Gallacher  12:09:40
I understand. It's not an issue. But what I'm saying though, is, is that if we're going to do this going forward, we all got to agree. We all got to agree because at the end of the day, the the reason we're here is because you guys got into a situation where you guys didn't agree on core things. So what we have to do, unfortunately or fortunately, is you have to go back to the first principles and kind of redo it a little bit, just so that we can all get comfortable. You guys can do it going forward. That's it, not fucking hard. You guys have done a good job. I'm not saying you haven't. Yes, you guys had a little bit of a road bump. What we're gonna do is we're gonna get the fucking thing right back on the road. You guys are gonna be fine. I'm trying to be I'm just trying to help here. And all we're trying to do is just get things, let's, let's, let's get the simple things done first, because when if you can't do the simple things, and then we can't do the complex things, I

Joseph Guzel  12:10:29
agree on that division of labor with respect to coverage. Okay,

Liam Gallacher  12:10:34
great, that's great. Yeah, let's let's move, yeah. But now you know what? It

Joseph Guzel  12:10:39
doesn't cover investing activities, which we can cover later. That's all I was trying to say. That's

Liam Gallacher  12:10:43
it. McLean, are you? I'm assuming that you agree, right? I'm just, I'm just, you know what I'm trying to do, guys, I'm trying to get a fucking win. Hey, look, we did something. We all got on a phone call. No one shot anybody. You didn't shoot me either, which I'm really happy about, because I'm just, I'm this middle person, right? I'm like, Switzerland, like, Hey, you guys can store your gold here, but I ain't fucking getting involved. So look, it's one, it's it's 1210, where you guys it's 110 now, like we've, if you guys want, I've got, I've got something at 130 so if you guys want to talk for 10 more minutes, that's great. But if you guys want to call it here, that's fine. I think what we need to do going forward was just need to figure out what we're going to do. We should have another call

McLain Southworth  12:11:20
in a week. Okay, is that fair? Can we? Is there something that the baseline that we though we could maybe execute relatively recently over the weekend, because I would love to get Joe's access back to, you know, email accounts.

Liam Gallacher  12:11:32
Yeah, I would, too. Okay, so I've talked to my lawyer. I'm having a call. We're gonna get something done. Okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get something drafted no later than, hopefully Monday or Tuesday. Okay, I'll get something looked at and drafted, and we can get, we can get the ball rolling. Is that fair?

Joseph Guzel  12:11:50
That would be great. Yeah, even there are, you know, multiple active financings that are still wrapping, or, you know, underway. The decisions were made before this collaboratively, where it was in process that then is in jeopardy, uh, due to my access issues.

Liam Gallacher  12:12:15
No, I understand. I understand guys. I'm going to work as fast as I possibly can. Okay, thank you. I'm going to work as fast as I possibly can. I don't get paid to do this shit, but I want, right? But I care about both you guys. I'm gonna, I'm gonna work as fast I possibly can. Is that fair? Should we get you? Is that fair or do you need me to do something? Do you need to do something more? McLean, you tell me what you need me to do, what you want me

McLain Southworth  12:12:36
to do. That's fair to me. Okay,

Joseph Guzel  12:12:41
so and

Liam Gallacher  12:12:44
so the action items are, is, I'm going to get that NDA, and the the kind of the

Unknown Speaker  12:12:50
What's that called the code

Joseph Guzel  12:12:54
of conduct. They go to Code of Conduct. I'm going

Liam Gallacher  12:12:56
to get that done. I'm going to try and get that done by no later than Monday. So I can send you guys something by Monday. Okay,

Joseph Guzel  12:13:01
do you need us to I guess we I can loop you in with my personal counsel, and then as a reminder, yes,

Liam Gallacher  12:13:07
well, no, so yeah, so I'll send it. I'll just send you guys it. I'll send it to you both, okay, and then you guys can go and read it. Okay? For one two you guys both need to agree to me that essentially on a fucking Cease fire. Okay, if either of you guys do anything I agree with the other person. No matter what, I will sit there and say, Fuck this. We're all acting in good faith here. Okay, so please do not do any do not escalate. Do not do anything fucking stupid. I will be really upset because then I just wasted an hour and 15 minutes my fucking time trying to help. Okay, I don't want to waste my time here, guys, because I care, but we all I'm not saying, you know, I'm not saying, stand down. You guys can keep pointing guns at each other, totally fine, but just don't no one fire a fucking bullet. Okay, don't fire a bullet. Bear. It's a fair,

McLain Southworth  12:13:57
yep. Okay. Third,

Liam Gallacher  12:13:59
if you guys want to talk with me individually, I will. I'm available. I will take your I will chat. I'm happy to help. I'm happy to hear you guys out. I'm happy to have you guys vent, share your problems with me, whatever it is, but I want to just say this really quickly. I appreciate both your guys's candor on this call. I appreciate you guys, you know, putting your best foot forward. And I appreciate you guys you know, a willing to do this because I know it's really difficult in a in a partnership dispute, it's very difficult to kind of, you know, put all the bullshit aside and get on this phone call. I really appreciate it. And by the way, watching you guys interact, I can understand why you guys have been so successful up to this point. Because when the push comes to shove and business comes first, you guys, do? You guys do make the right decisions, and I really appreciate all of that. So as an LP, I'm very, you know, I feel like I understand why we made the investment, both you. So with that, I will go away and start working on all the shit I need to get done. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna push really hard to get it done by Monday. Okay, thanks, Liam really appreciate your help here. Yeah, no problem, guys, I think

McLain Southworth  12:15:08
you do have a second career in mediation. If you ever wanted to go that route, it helps some sort

Unknown Speaker  12:15:16
of existential

Joseph Guzel  12:15:17
crisis. Canadians are good for this kind of thing. I think,

Liam Gallacher  12:15:24
yeah, yeah. You know, we gotta just, yeah. Well, like, Look guys, like, at the end of the day, right? Like, um, look, I care. And, you know, all I can do is bring forward my sincerity and my and my candor and and, you know, you guys have to do the rest, right? I could, I could sit here and be super nice and be Canadian, and not, you know, apologize and say sorry all the time, but, you know, you guys did most of the work. All I did was just try to keep you guys out of the weeds and keep you guys focused. Okay, so what we'll do now is, I think we got our action items. I'm around and, yeah, we'll go from there. Thanks, Liam, we

Joseph Guzel  12:16:01
owe you a lot guys, thanks again. A lot of Tim Hortons. We'll get you some Tim Hortons compensation. Six McClain agrees

Liam Gallacher  12:16:07
it sounds great, because you cost your back so I now know what I'm worth I know what we're the dollar. Yeah. Take it easy guys.
