Liam Gallacher  16:05:44
Um, and if we this doesn't succeed, then we essentially just go into bad option, which sucks. And I don't think anybody wants the bad option. So my view is, is, I want to figure out what both you guys want, and then we just figure out how to get, get get to the middle ground. It can't be. It can't just be, I want this. And McClain said, give me that, or McLean's like, I want this, and Joe's gonna give me that. I think we've got to find a middle ground. Find a middle ground here. We've got to figure out on a in totality, what everybody wants from going forward, what they want to do, how they want to fund one's reserves and all that stuff to be to be worked out, how they want the remaining operations, the firm to work. And I'll give you guys the floor, and then we'll, we'll, we'll figure out a way to kind of be in the middle. Is that all good between you two? Sounds good. That works out. I

Joseph Guzel  16:06:34
just think that's too much of a level of detail to walk through until I have my access controls, so I'm not having any more discussions until that happens. And then we can follow up tomorrow if that happens. But I think, I think, you know, Joe, do

McLain Southworth  16:06:51
you really want to escalate it from here? Because, I mean, I'm happy to do that. We're not debating whether here, whether or not I have the ability to fire you for cause. If you want to have that discussion, we can have it in a courtroom right now. We're trying to avoid that right now,

Joseph Guzel  16:07:13
having any conversation about my access controls to my business. Okay, well, it's

McLain Southworth  16:07:18
not going to happen until we figure something else, or I take it to the next step, whatever you want to do, okay? Until we come to some sort of agreement, you're not getting your access controls. Because as of right now, you're technically fired, and if you want to keep going down that route, I'm happy to do that, but I'm trying to give you the opportunity to not be fired, to be reinstated. That's all I'm trying to do. I feel like I'm doing you a favor right now by doing this. If you don't want to do this and you don't want to have this conversation, then we can go that route. I haven't bluffed at one point this entire time,

Liam Gallacher  16:08:05
so why don't I tell you guys a story? So I with my guy in LA, I just, I essentially took over the operations. I just usurped the guy. It was great. It was great for a whole day. I essentially controlled the whole thing. And even better, my guy sent me an email saying that I quit his GP. So I call my lawyer, and my lawyer says to me, I say to my lawyer, hey, his name's Eric. I said, Eric. I got him to quit. I got an email form for good. Let's go and what does my lawyer tell me? He says, You need to fucking deal with your partner. Because here's the thing, you're gonna have to go into the court of law. You're gonna have to litigate this fucking thing out. And your asset that you own with this guy are the two assets you own this guy are just gonna get impaired because you live in Calgary and he lives in LA. My lawyer told me, even though I had him dead to the fucking nuts, like, Guys, come on, okay. Like, seriously, like, the whole point of this call was to get you your fucking access codes back. But at the end of the day, we haven't been able to even, like, get to ahead, because we've been going back on red lines. And look, I felt like last call, Hey, I feel like I've gotten a pretty good understanding of where you guys are at. And the whole point of this call was to figure out what you guys wanted so that we can then move forward. And it just dig your just to dig your heel, heels in the sand. I feel like I've wasted my fucking money, my fucking time, and it's completely unacceptable to me. You guys are producers of my fucking family's capital. You guys are acting like petulant fucking children, and it's pissing me off. So if you guys don't want to fucking do it, fuck it. Sue me, sue each other. I don't give a shit. Spend all your fucking money. I don't care. I got better fucking things to worry about.

Joseph Guzel  16:10:18
I didn't lock anyone out of their business unilaterally.

Liam Gallacher  16:10:22
I'm gonna tell you something. When I told McLean, you guys were in the wrong. You don't just get to sit here and say I was nothing bad. I

Joseph Guzel  16:10:31
didn't lie to stakeholders. I didn't lie to founders. He did. I did. I didn't foreign financings. That's not these aren't things I did. You

McLain Southworth  16:10:42
did. You did. You lied to her legal counsel. You lied to a potential employee, you lied to GPS and you'd like to LPs. I had it all documented, Joe,

Liam Gallacher  16:10:52
so my view is you don't get you don't get to

Joseph Guzel  16:10:55
slow walk this McLean anymore. Okay, yeah, if you want to get to a resolution, I'm not. I've done enough talking and enough work for 30 days I've been running this business as a good fiduciary. My business as much as his 5050, with no support in the face of immense pressure and back channeling problems that he's just creating to his own value in his portfolio. I'm ready to move forward. I need my access back. That's just what's going to happen. Tomorrow

McLain Southworth  16:11:34
is going to be a rough day. Right now I don't feel like tomorrow is going to be a very rough day. I have started the firing process. I am not going to give you your access controls, unless, if you were reinstated. Okay, so,

Liam Gallacher  16:11:51
so guys, like, my view is, is it's like, look, I think we need to figure out, like, we obviously know Joe wants his access codes back, which is fair. That's a fair thing to want that, right? But what McClain also wants, Joe, is that there's an operating protocol so that we don't ever have to have this fucking thing happen again, so we don't have to worry about any of this bullshit. Look, it's unfortunate that you guys got yourselves into this situation. It's unfortunate that you guys picked the wrong partner for you, for each other. Okay, it's just unfortunate. But at the end of the day, this doesn't need to end in fucking tears, because it will. I'll tell you the guys that right now. So let's think about this. Okay, let's just think. Let's just play this out. Let's play this out here. You guys end up in court. Great. So that's, you know, you guys are in California, so shits back up there. Nothing fucking gets done. So it's at least a two to three year process. You guys aren't raising any fucking money when you're doing that, because no one's gonna want to touch you with a 10 foot fucking pole because someone's someone's being accused of fraud, and they have to figure that out. Another person's being accused of fraud, no wants to figure that out. So it's like someone's got to be right, someone's got to be wrong. You're going to spend millions of your own dollars, and you're going to essentially just be fucking freeze frames for three years, and then after that, then what like, why waste three years of your fucking life? I'm asking you guys to get on a call with me for an hour and a half to get to move forward so that you don't have to waste three years of your life. I feel like that's a pretty damn good fucking trade. An hour and a half of your life versus three years of your fucking

Joseph Guzel  16:13:28
life. I put my whole life into this. Joe,

Liam Gallacher  16:13:31
we know that. We know that. I totally know that we all know that, and that's why I give mine

Joseph Guzel  16:13:38
in my wife's life, my whole future is in this. That's why I work so hard on it, for

Liam Gallacher  16:13:43
sure. And Joe, here's the thing. The thing is, I was talking about this with McLean today, because we were trying to figure out, trying to figure out how we how we get this thing on track. And I said to McLean, I said, McLean, here's the thing, if this thing ends up being as successful, I think that's it's a billion dollar fund. Let's say, let's say you guys bridge 45 million bucks, and you got exit values, a billion dollars, right? That's $200 million in Fund. The 100 million dollars each. It was worth it. It was worth it. Yeah, it's just the problem with venture is, is that all the returns come in years 1011, 12. So we're six years away from

Joseph Guzel  16:14:18
that. We have a European so waterfall. We can make money

Liam Gallacher  16:14:20
soon. That's great. What I'm saying, though, is, it's like, Look, guys, it's really, honestly, guys, it's not that. I really don't think that this is that hard. It's really not,

Joseph Guzel  16:14:30
it's really not he can restore success. Well,

Liam Gallacher  16:14:33
Joe, you have to, you have to put yourself in his shoes. This is the whole point of mediation. Both of you guys have to put each other in each other's shoes and figure out. Oh, why do

Joseph Guzel  16:14:45
you do that? Well, put yourself in my shoes. Liam, okay, I haven't had my access for 30 days, and this isn't the first time. All right, every day I wake up and I am talking to founders wondering, what is going on. Do we have everything figured out? Do I have my email back? Am I okay? What's happening is my company Okay? Does this mean Haven can't support us anymore? Does this mean that's not good? I've been dealing with that by myself for no reason. We could have had this discussion any which way, and we didn't. Instead, I had to do a bunch of work. I had to mop up messes. I had to take the hits reputationally and for the portfolio, so that it all 5050, made us this money that you keep talking about, and you sure that's one sided. So put yourself in my shoes. I'm done with that. I've done my job well, Joe, so I don't understand why anything else is expected of me. How am I? Do I not get even that much respect? No,

Liam Gallacher  16:16:04
Joe, you do get that respect. That's the whole point. That's why I'm doing this, Joe, so I'm doing it. I understand, but, but, so I'm doing this, and I'm doing this because I care about both you and I empathize with both your guys' situations. Okay? And

Joseph Guzel  16:16:17
I'm not much to waste your time and your family, and I'm not, and I'm not waste

Liam Gallacher  16:16:21
I don't, I don't want you guys to make a decision in which I believe we can, we can walk everything back and move forward. Okay, so here, here's, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's get this thing back on track. Okay, the question that I have is, is, what does everybody want? Okay, like I'm talking about longer term, short term. So short term is pretty simple. I know McLean wants. I know what you want, Joe, essentially what McLean wants is, we want to sign this operating agreement so that we all agree on something and then you get all your shit back. That's pretty simple. That's pretty simple. Okay, within our heart. The second thing is, is, what do you guys want to do going forward with your lives? So McLean was doing something else. That's great. That's great. What do you guys do with Haven PC? How does that work? What do you do with the brand? Is there, like, an offshoot brand, kind of, like Tiger global, where, like, you buy, you know, you both go and start your own things. You guys can use part of The Haven name, or whatever it is. So let's, let's talk about those things. Let's, let's, let's try and, let's try and move this thing fucking forward. You guys want to start? Yeah, you guys are you guys want to keep yelling

McLain Southworth  16:17:34
at each other? All I want is to figure out some sort of operating agreement where we're operating this thing together, going in a way where I have to worry about Joe doing unilateral shit and doing things kind of behind my back there. Just want to manage this as we always managed it, yes, with the intention of how we're going to manage it, which was not attribution

Unknown Speaker  16:18:01
together,

McLain Southworth  16:18:03
investment decisions together, and then as a standard for any fund that's winding down for us to go our separate ways and do so in a way that's not contentious.

Liam Gallacher  16:18:18
I don't see how that's unfair. Joe, do you agree or do you disagree?

Joseph Guzel  16:18:26
I can absorb it. I don't really understand. I'm not trying to be like, you know, I'm not trying to derail or anything like that. I'm just kind of, he's not really saying anything. He just,

Liam Gallacher  16:18:41
he just, he just said exactly like

Joseph Guzel  16:18:45
we have, we have. What does it mean? Though, I need to know, because narratives matter. He's

Liam Gallacher  16:18:52
very good. Okay, so, so I would say this. I would say that pretty much every decision is pretty much every major decision going forward is a joint decision. You both could sign off. Can't wire it was

Joseph Guzel  16:19:03
never not like that. We're a 5050 partnership with 5050 decision making. We don't actually know how to make that 5050 there's nothing in our docs that says we do, but we've always operated that way, and there is everything

McLain Southworth  16:19:15
in our docs refers to the GP as a portal, which means that you have

Joseph Guzel  16:19:19
to have made a major decision that wasn't 5050 huh? Minus the drama this year. What'd you say? The decision, yeah, never consummated investment. We've never done any bullshit. That wasn't 5050

Liam Gallacher  16:19:33
right? Nobody, Joe, you said that. McLean saying that he doesn't want to, he wants to end Haven wasn't a 5050 decision. That you're correct. Is that correct? Of course, it wasn't okay. And this is, look, Joe, this is, this is the, this is the shit. This is the shit part of it, right? So, there's the there's the like, what I want to do, and then there's the actual like, mechanics of the of the business, okay, so the mechanics of the business is a 5050, thing, okay, typically thing, but if McLean wants to leave, or if you want to leave, they're free to do so, they are free to do so. This is why I want to talk about what you want to do, but what you want to do with, with the with the brand, etc, etc. Like, at the end of the day, you guys are the two man. It's a two man thing. That's all it is. There's you even said on the last call, right? You don't do W twos. You have no employees, all that kind of stuff. So, like, really, there's really no infrastructure there at all. It's just the infrastructure that you your yours and McLean's intellectual, intellectual capacity, that's such the infrastructure. So at the end of the day, we need to figure out, like, what does everybody want? And it can't just be, I want everything. You get nothing. And it can't be, I get to run the whole thing. You get no say. And you know, it's got to be, there's got to be some give, take care, both of you guys are going to be iron pillars, and there's going to be no malleability. Well, then we're just kind of, we're just kind of talking like this, yeah, so we gotta, kind of, we kind of really gotta, and

Joseph Guzel  16:21:08
that's why I'm sorry to cut you off brother, but that's why he needs to be just more sincere and clear the I'm not in unless I know what he really needs to do and wants to do for His life, I can't come with any kind of solutions. You said, you said. You said it right there at, like, up front. So many times he said this to me, which is nuts, but just like, hurtful, and which is, there isn't going to be a haven to, not that I want to leave the firm, not that, hey, we need to figure out how to split this thing up, because I want to do other stuff. Not that, you know, I'm not happy, not that I want to. I need to take a year off, dude, or whatever, any one of those, even if you wanted to, that's something we could have talked about,

McLain Southworth  16:22:03
okay, but joke, but how is there going to be a haven too if I don't want to do a haven too

Joseph Guzel  16:22:10
well, why do you feel that you have to? It's like,

McLain Southworth  16:22:13
how is there going to be a marriage if one person doesn't want to be married at all?

Joseph Guzel  16:22:17
So I think I the distinction here, brother, is the difference between how you're perceiving a partnership versus a business that we're building. This is a business. This is an asset management business. The partnership is between the people that run it. So why do you feel the need that we have to shut the business we built down just because you want to do whatever you might want to do under

McLain Southworth  16:22:43
one is the business Haven. We're not doing a second follow on business

Joseph Guzel  16:22:48
Haven's the business. They're all the same business. The funds are products.

Unknown Speaker  16:22:53
Joe, listen,

McLain Southworth  16:22:58
you have every right to decide that there's not going to be a haven to I have every right to decide there's not going to be a haven too, and

Joseph Guzel  16:23:04
I have every right to disagree as a 5050, partner,

McLain Southworth  16:23:07
okay, if you can, it's, it's,

Joseph Guzel  16:23:11
you understand the difference, right? Well, you understand that this business is my livelihood. We built a good business. I don't understand why you think that it has to shut down just because you're not involved with it. If you don't,

McLain Southworth  16:23:23
you can, you can, you can raise whatever you want after this. It's not,

Joseph Guzel  16:23:28
yeah, I can run that business after this, if that's something that we decide. But the business,

McLain Southworth  16:23:33
Joe, we're two people with laptops. What infrastructure Do you think we

Joseph Guzel  16:23:38
have here? We have a body of work that's a top decile fund, yeah,

McLain Southworth  16:23:42
and that, that body of work will continue into perpetuity. Ideally, it's built upon

Joseph Guzel  16:23:47
itself in the thesis. What

Liam Gallacher  16:23:48
Joe? Joe? Joe? You know? TJ, Hennessy, of

Joseph Guzel  16:23:52
course. He's one of my oldest friends. Haven portfolio company,

Liam Gallacher  16:23:55
TJ is great. What was that fun that he was at that

Joseph Guzel  16:23:59
that they blew up arena ventures. That's not what I'm writing to do here.

Liam Gallacher  16:24:03
Just, just hear me out. Okay, so arena venture. So what did those two guys end up doing? Do they just kind of split off and go do their own thing?

Joseph Guzel  16:24:10
No, they ended up killing each other. They missed their moment. They could have built first round, and had they not been idiots, they could have still been benefiting from that excellent body of work that they created with their business.

Liam Gallacher  16:24:25
Okay, but what are they doing now? Joe,

Joseph Guzel  16:24:29
literally, nothing interesting. TJ, hey, no. TJ, no, or Ken, or whatever his name was. That was LA. When I first was here, the two first institutional seed funds in LA were us in them, or cross cut in them, arena.

Liam Gallacher  16:24:49
So, like, what I, what I'm saying is,

Joseph Guzel  16:24:51
this isn't my first time doing this. That's why, which he hates when I, when I speak to any experience, because

Liam Gallacher  16:25:00
I don't know it was, it was page crazy.

Joseph Guzel  16:25:04
I'm trying to do what is makes us all goddamn successful. If I had an ego, I wouldn't have elected and fought to make him a 5050, partner with me. And that pisses him off, too, when he hears that that's not something, that's not something we've had this discussion, I wouldn't,

McLain Southworth  16:25:28
I wouldn't have joined a non 5050, partnership. First of all, and second of all, our fund exists because my fucking family upfront decided to give us $10 million as it stands. I would love money back, Joe. You don't have the money to wire back, I would,

Joseph Guzel  16:25:45
I would literally sign up to pay it back in my carry and

McLain Southworth  16:25:47
you keep claiming that you raised the majority of the capital you take out cross links, introductions, you didn't okay. So you just need to stop with this narrative. I wouldn't have joined you if it wasn't a 5050, partnership,

Joseph Guzel  16:26:03
and you wouldn't my family committed to wire $10 million and you wouldn't have the momentum to go and start even McLean. You. You cannot keep deciding whether you're a partner at Haven or an LP pick one,

McLain Southworth  16:26:17
Joe, I'm not. I am a partner

Joseph Guzel  16:26:20
because your family, which is pissing me off. You are not your sister and stuff, and I'm tired of this,

McLain Southworth  16:26:29
Joe. But actually, if you want to talk about it, yeah, I do have a little bit as good in the game, in the sense that there is money for my family in this,

Joseph Guzel  16:26:36
yeah. Same with mine. Walk away with mine. Same with mine. I don't trust you. Same with mine. Okay, I have skin in this game too, don't I? Okay,

McLain Southworth  16:26:47
Joe, do you want to have have a productive conversation? Or do you want to do this? That's

Liam Gallacher  16:26:51
up to you. The role guys, it's actually productive. Shoot me out. It's actually productive. I'll tell you why. Because we're actually, we're at least putting our cards in the table, at least the weapons are out there and and look, it's like, I can tell there's a lot of, there's a lot of, there's a lot of emotion there. And there should be, right, it sucks. It's like, anytime you're going through, anytime you're going through a breakup like this, there's always going to be emotion because, yeah, you build something, it's great, and it's unfortunate that it was a funeral, but at the end of the day, guys like this is what you're gonna do in court too. It's just the difference is, is it's gonna cost you a lot of money. That's okay? No, it's not okay, Joe, I'm gonna give you just a little piece of advice that my dad gave me, never sue somebody that has more money than you ever for one two. What is it? McLean, what is the? What is the, what is the fund like the GP, 2% fee currently, right now? Is it? Is it 1 million bucks, like the expense, like the management fees that LPS pay too high and a half. So it's two and a half. Okay, does it go down once again to

Joseph Guzel  16:28:16
branches, down by point two five, but the funds only forecasted out to eight years, given where we're at with deployment. Okay?

Liam Gallacher  16:28:22
So we're talking about, so we're talking about, so it's 2% so it's about 1.6 million bucks, about, right? Let's just say it's 2% i So, like, there's still, it's

Joseph Guzel  16:28:38
like, it's about, it's about, sorry to interrupt, it's about $850,000 a year.

Liam Gallacher  16:28:44
Yeah, I know it's gonna be more than that. Is that, right? McLean, 45 million

Joseph Guzel  16:28:51
times point, oh, two five say something like that. Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  16:28:57
yeah. So like, You guys aren't broke.

Joseph Guzel  16:29:03
Oh, I'm I'm not. I'm pretty broke. I took a massive sacrifice to do this. Just, just show me up

Liam Gallacher  16:29:10
so but, yeah, you guys are making, like, $300,000 each. Like, it's not like, you guys aren't making any money. Like, it's not as if, like, someone's making fucking $20,000 you guys are both making 20 grand. Sure, you know, it's not, it's not like that. You guys are both making $350,000

Joseph Guzel  16:29:24
a year. Like, what does that have to do with anything?

Liam Gallacher  16:29:26
What it has to do with it is, is that this gives you this money that you're earning from Haven gives you a ability to leapfrog and go do something else. It's not as if you just start from complete utter scratch and say, Holy fuck, I have to

Joseph Guzel  16:29:44
go. I don't think it sounds heard why the business needs to shut down, just because he wants to do something.

McLain Southworth  16:29:52
What? What it's a management company that's shutting down the fund is still, well, I think,

Liam Gallacher  16:29:58
I think, I think McLean, what he's trying to say is, he's like, Why does Haven have to go away? Is that correct, Joe, you're saying that? Why does the Why does, why does, haven't

Joseph Guzel  16:30:10
I divested my track record for us to build, and he got his sister, whatever narrative, I don't care. We did a thing that was really hard. We did a startup that went from pre seed to growth. We did Hamza, but venture so why? Because he wants to leave. We now have to shut down Hamza. It doesn't make sense. I'm just using it as an analogy. So you can start thinking of this, of what it is, which is a company, which it always was, this thing. So what

Liam Gallacher  16:30:46
you're saying, Joe is, you don't want haven to you don't want Haven the like whatever. No,

Joseph Guzel  16:30:53
I'm trying to understand why, why he wants it to shut down and needs it to because I'm struggling with the logic of why he would want his good machine that he has half of of the first piece of it, product one. It's like was leaving apple. He doesn't suddenly not become co founder of Apple.

Liam Gallacher  16:31:16
Well, no, but, but Joe, I think what he's saying is like, but, okay, but Okay, go for it. He had, let's say you do have fun too, with Haven, let's just say McLean is not there, right? He has no economic interest in fund two, nor should. He doesn't want to do it. That's a conversation, isn't it? Okay? Well, then okay, we'll like offer something. Then what

Joseph Guzel  16:31:41
do you iterate? I need to know what he wants to do. I was told that my business has to shut down without my consent. Well, so, so, so if I have to go start a new business from scratch, the world is just going to look one way, because that's me having to start a brand new fucking business all over again. That's different than an alternative, which you tell me, as you easily could have done any time what you need, because, Lord knows, I've always been supportive of everything you need, I mean, and let's see what we can do. Man,

McLain Southworth  16:32:30
I thought I laid it out pretty well, especially the documents. No,

Joseph Guzel  16:32:33
you did not. Otherwise I wouldn't be having this conversation that was very specific. No, it wasn't. It was vague and deflecting, like always and not. No,

McLain Southworth  16:32:40
no, yeah, I edited Liam's because

Joseph Guzel  16:32:44
I don't care about the document. You tell me what that means. You tell me what you

McLain Southworth  16:32:47
need. If you go back to the you tell me what

Joseph Guzel  16:32:51
to do going forward. Okay, say it.

McLain Southworth  16:32:58
I I want to operate. I want to have an operating agreement where we're actually doing shit and fucking tandem, no unilateral decisions, no sketchy shit. I want to run this firm into reserves in a way where we can actually fucking work with each other, and then I want to go our separate ways.

Joseph Guzel  16:33:20
We're already going our separate ways, I

McLain Southworth  16:33:22
know. But Joe in a 5050, partnership, when people go their separate ways, the default is they go separate fucking less, right? The fund maintains the attribution because that's what we had always talked about from the very beginning. I'm not asking for anything

Joseph Guzel  16:33:37
controversial, and I'm not letting you control my narrative anymore. Okay, well,

Liam Gallacher  16:33:45
what's narrative? What's the narrative? What's

Joseph Guzel  16:33:48
the narrative? Go ahead.

McLain Southworth  16:33:52
You want me to talk. You're good

Joseph Guzel  16:33:54
at controlling my narrative. So what's my narrative? What is all the things that I did? No go ahead.

McLain Southworth  16:34:01
I just said what I was gonna say,

Liam Gallacher  16:34:02
Joe, what's the narrative? What's the narrative in McLean's, the McLean's controlling theme? Well,

Joseph Guzel  16:34:10
I don't know. You tell me. You tell me. Me, I'm locked out of my fucking I'm locked out of my fucking business for 30 days because He squatted on the goddamn email domain like a fucking child and then ran around telling everybody that there's all of this you did

McLain Southworth  16:34:31
every single you are so screwed and inbound, except for Duro and our and our service providers, who needed to be in the know that's cute, reached out to me. I told them what the situation was, because you had clearly already thought

Joseph Guzel  16:34:44
to the line of folks that will testify is so goddamn long. You have no idea. I

McLain Southworth  16:34:47
would love that. I swear to God, I have guarantee you I have a longer line.

Unknown Speaker  16:34:54
Look, guys, I'm happy to go this

Joseph Guzel  16:34:55
route. Oh, I'm definitely going to go this route. If this doesn't go well when I get off the phone, okay,

Liam Gallacher  16:35:01
whoa, guys, look, I'm going to tell you guys, like, let's, let's bring the temperature down. Joe, like, look, we can't, we can't just talk in circles here. You can't tell the plane to tell me what you want to do. Tell me what

Joseph Guzel  16:35:19
you want to do. I did not want this. He did this, right? We're only here because of him. Let's go fucking clear. You, you, you, what did you do? I can pull up the tree. I can pull up the transcript. I can pull up the May 5 transcript from our call. Should I do that? Joe, you committed fraud. Should I quote? Should I pick up the May 5 transcript from our call? Because I, because I, because I got it, you know, I record everything. I don't care. Yeah, talk about you want to do that? I can play it for everybody.

McLain Southworth  16:35:50
What do you? What do you What? What? Just tell us what the conclusion is

Joseph Guzel  16:35:53
from that don't turn this around. So, what do you want? What do you want? I'm tired of you. What do you want? So we can get back to work, Senate. What do you want? Joe McClain, I'm the only one that's dealing with this bullshit, not you. You're the only one that caused it. You're sitting on the fucking email domain for 30 days fucking financing because I fired you. Joe, you have been fired. There it is again. Do you have I fired

McLain Southworth  16:36:21
you? Joe, do you want to do you want to do the second step of the firing, because I gave you an opportunity to come to the table, and that's why we're having this discussion. If you don't want to have this discussion, I will go the next fucking steps. You're

Liam Gallacher  16:36:33
in so much trouble. No, guys. Joe. Joe,

Joseph Guzel  16:36:41
this was easy. This was easy. Okay, put my fucking email access back. Stop acting like an idiot. No, I've done enough, and yet I get on these calls and suddenly it's Joe, what do you Why don't you do this? Why don't you do that? Why don't you get to fucking work McLean and stop fucking this business up. You have half of it. There's no unilateral decisions in a 5050, partnership. So stop bitching. Yeah, clearly there were. There shouldn't be, but there were, you've been bitching for a month, wasting our LPS time walking

Liam Gallacher  16:37:15
up everyone's money, Joe, I'm going to tell you right now I wouldn't be on this phone call if I didn't think that bullshit. You guys were in the wrong. I understand you

Joseph Guzel  16:37:25
think that we're both in wrong. It should be really disappointed in us. It's pathetic. No,

Liam Gallacher  16:37:29
but I'm but I'm what I'm saying though Joe is the only way we move forward is if you let everybody know on this phone call what you want, because then we can start talking about

Joseph Guzel  16:37:43
it on this phone call. What I want, what I want is on this phone call. My access is controlled. In an hour or tomorrow is going to be a really shitty day. That's a promise, Joe. I'm

Liam Gallacher  16:37:53
going to tell you right now. I'm going to tell you right now, look at the end of the day, your access stuff can get easily reinstated. Okay, reinstate. So let's, let's get reinstated. If one, we get that operating agreement figured out that shouldn't be that hard.

Joseph Guzel  16:38:13
Access first tomorrow we can talk details. Joe, that's unreasonable. No, what's unreasonable is, I've been locked out of my own business for 30 days off this foolery. So I'm not entertaining it anymore. Neither are the founders or anybody else. We're only here because of the fucking email. That's it.

Liam Gallacher  16:38:41
That's not true. It is 100%

Joseph Guzel  16:38:45
unequivocally true. It is true.

McLain Southworth  16:38:49
Next step legally, I am fully locked and loaded and

Joseph Guzel  16:38:51
ready to do it. Okay, let's do it. Then I don't love you know I'm the man of my word. You know that I'm a man of my word? So I said what I need. And you know that I think if you don't do it, then that's gonna be what it is because I said what I need. I've said all I need to say access tonight. We can talk tomorrow, and I'm done. It's not happening. All right, then, okay, that's okay. All right, I'll see you guys. Thank you. Bye. Appreciate you. You
