Joseph Guzel  13:26:10
Hello, hey, Joe, Hey, boys, sorry I didn't see that. I didn't see that thing moved to to 12. Thanks. I needed that I was on the

Liam Gallacher  13:26:25
so good. Okay, so like I think, so, why don't I kind of like disseminate what I think so I think, like, one of the big contentious areas is, like this, this firing thing, right? So I think, like, one thing that we should agree on. I think this is from McLean, like that, Joe. I think for, I think for us to go forward, I think I try to figure, I try to I want, I want all the stuff that happened up until this point, okay, to kind of be like water under the bridge, if that makes sense. So I think, like, this whole idea that like Joe would be reinstated, I think that we gotta, like, move past that. I think that it'd just be like Joe was never fired to begin with. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah. That's always, you know, yeah. Okay, so, so, so, like, so there would be no like, Joe was never terminated. Joe was never like. That. All just goes away, correct, yeah, once we figure out operating agreement, agree, agree, but like, but when we sign, we're going to

McLain Southworth  13:27:27
be Joe was fired and then reinstated. Get

Liam Gallacher  13:27:29
Yeah, is that clear on

Joseph Guzel  13:27:31
that? And I also apologies didn't intend. First off, I'm sorry about yesterday. Just put that out there. Thank you guys for hopping on the phone. And two is, is I'm sorry I didn't ever intend for like, the May 5, the way that I was suggesting I should just said what Liam says. You know, sometimes I say too many words. I wasn't like, to, like, staple all this shit to to some may fish thing that's besides, that doesn't help, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  13:28:01
So, and that's,

Liam Gallacher  13:28:02
and that's what you care about, to Joe, right? Like, essentially, like, there's fire, yeah? Fair enough, yeah. Okay. So, so that, that, that we can all agree on, that we, when we agree to the operating bullshit that we got it. You got to do that. That's going to be part of it where you were never fired and move forward. So great. Why didn't

McLain Southworth  13:28:22
think it was necessary to memorialize it? Because it's yeah,

Joseph Guzel  13:28:28
it's moved Yeah. And the way that it's moved Yeah, the way that I was, that I intended for that memorialization, was was just like, I can't have something brother that says that I was ever fired, you know, yeah. And I think it's like, because then it's like a scarlet letter, you know, yeah. And it's, well, I think

Liam Gallacher  13:28:48
that's, that's the point, Joe, why we want to do this, right? Because essentially what I want to do is I want to put the chat back in the bag. Yeah, okay. Because, you know, like, my view, like, I tried to try to reiterate this yesterday, whereas, like, look like the worst outcome is you guys end up in court. It's all public records and then, and then you guys are fighting it out. And that's just not the way we want to do this. What we want to do is we want to say, okay, yes, should happened. We remedied it with this operating agreement this NDA, we go back out and say, hey, you know what? Like, unfortunately, we don't want to do a fund two together, but we're committed to working together on fund one and making sure that that works, and then everybody so that's one. I think the next, I think the next contentious issue that we should talk about is like, what, how you guys see going forward? Like, obviously, you guys will do the fun too. So how you guys see going forward? Like, what you guys want to see going forward, how this, how this, this split, or this, whatever goes forward, right? So how, how I look at it is, is that, like the fund one attribution stays with stays with Haven fund one. I think it's pretty hard to kind of go back and say, Oh, well, I did this deal, and Joe did that deal, and blah, blah, blah, I think at the end of the day, like your guys, like, you know, we've, we laid it out pretty easily that, you know, there is no real infrastructure at Haven. It's just the two of you, and at the end of the day, like, I, you know, I talked to I talked to Ben about this, and Ben said to me, he's like, look like, at the end of the day, like, it's not like the founders give a shit about what the name of the company is. They give a shit about McLean Joe. That's who they care about. They care about working with you people. So. So I think going forward, I think what we got to we got to figure out is how, how you guys can amicably move away, and what people want, and what happens to Haven and how you guys want to work around that. I think that's kind of the, that's the that's a contentious kind of thing that I think we should kind of go over, just because then, then that leads into the narrative and the how you guys are going to communicate with LPs and founders and all that kind of stuff

Joseph Guzel  13:31:00
that sounds good to me. I And I'm Yeah, and I'm open, I'm ready to just figure stuff out with you, man. And so maybe because, because I was trying to hold myself to, like, actually come in with I wasn't absorbing that you guys wanted me to really just come with something here again.

Speaker 1  13:31:23
I don't think we I don't think we needed. I think it's just more of an open dialog. Yeah. Well, yeah, I

Joseph Guzel  13:31:29
realized that. I realized that before that felt I was looking at this more like a deal. I never been in this situation. You know, it's for sure. We've been around the

McLain Southworth  13:31:43
way that I see this kind of conversations. And then, you know, we can, we, we can ink it later, right? But let's, let's come to that. Let's, let's,

Liam Gallacher  13:31:54
I mean, yeah, let's agree this stuff in principle. And then, and then, like, the how the legalese gets written, yeah, it's really simple, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  13:32:01
And then my, it was a little bit too much McLean, I think Haven term sheet instead of Andreessen Horowitz, term sheet is, is probably what happened some you know, totally get it. The context

McLain Southworth  13:32:14
there is Leon, is that Andreessen has one standard term sheet that they've pretty much said there's, like, no aviation, yeah, it's like two

Joseph Guzel  13:32:22
pages long. Yeah, two page instead of The Haven term sheets like 20 pages long, so that we get to definitive Docs as fast as possible.

Liam Gallacher  13:32:29
Well, which I think is, which I think is better? Because you'd rather, you'd rather, you'd rather not, rather not have any surprises when you actually get the real legal letter. Yeah?

Joseph Guzel  13:32:40
Well, and it's, it's put it, this is a little different. It's not a couple guys getting their first round of financing ever. It's like two dudes have known each other for 10 years, debating, debating all kinds of bullshit. Yeah, well, I mean, it's,

Liam Gallacher  13:32:55
yeah, what I'm trying to do is try to keep, like, all the he said, she said, like, let's just keep that to a minimum. Like, at the end of the day, it's like, let's just move forward. Totally, it's not that difficult. And, and let's just figure out, okay, like, what does everybody want, and how do we meet in the middle? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  13:33:13
totally, I mean, I mean, and look, I'll say Liam, like, you know, McLean, and I know that we can be really mean to each other, like we always joke that if you spell Haven backwards, it smells spite. And I actually even have a throw pillow for

Unknown Speaker  13:33:25
that. Yeah, that

Joseph Guzel  13:33:32
will get you one.

Liam Gallacher  13:33:34
I can do things just fight, which strengthens me. That's great.

Joseph Guzel  13:33:40
We're very spiteful guys in Queen and I so it can get the better of us sometimes. So Okay, should I hit like I was looking at this? How about like the

Liam Gallacher  13:33:56
Joe, why don't you just tell us how you see it going?

Joseph Guzel  13:33:58
Yeah, sure. All right, so, so, so, like, what i i for, like, you know, to hold us accountable until, like, just I to make me feel like I'm, I'm, I'm standing on solid ground. Like, with it, we agree that this is going to be a binding thing, right? And I don't think that it should look I guess, for me,

Liam Gallacher  13:34:20
I think you're missing the point here. The binding part, like the binding part, will be the operating thing. I think what we're trying to think that, that we're not talking about that right now. We're talking about is what, how you like, what you want to do, post, post, Haven how you see that

Joseph Guzel  13:34:35
the only comment I was gonna make on that, right there, was just like I envisioned this. The amendment piece McLean is just looking like it's always been there, you know, not looking like it's something new, just looking like it's a thing that we did in 2022 or something, you know, so it wouldn't look like it's like, Look at this fucking thing stapled here. What's this red piece of paper? Like, that's, yeah, that's

McLain Southworth  13:35:02
a lot of it is just a clarification of pretty much. What's kind of is in the dots, but not necessarily written out.

Joseph Guzel  13:35:09
Well, maybe it's a long form. I don't know what they'll do. Like, neither of us have done this before, but whatever is look good for us is, is what you and I usually align on. So the tactical stuff, because I don't think any of these are an issue. I think the narrative piece, I think half of it in the narrative piece and the attribution piece, I. Have a proposal, and I think they're all kind of kumbaya here, and it also ties in with the Haven piece. But like you talked about the Macy's stuff, the other psyche access stuff, obviously, you know, I don't think we need to go crazy on like, having cybersecurity kind of thing, but like, if some kind of solution would be great and like, like, the other important thing, not just talking about like narrative, but like for me, like, I just need, I need, I need help, like, on, on my reputation, you know, it's, yes, it's been, it's really, it's been really hard, you know, really, for like, eight months On this and, you know, we McLean and I built this business on, and, you know, it was, it was built on kind of two things, like three things, one, spite, two to four things to FinTech, the three, you know, the foundation of cute grass meadow and the generosity of Lucy and Larry and and for my reputation and and I, I'm not a guy that's had a lot of stuff in his life, as you guys know. And I'm not trying to, like, be a victim, because I never got me anywhere. But, like, I sincerely would, would just love some help on that, because I without it, I don't have anything. I don't And it's, I feel it every day, and it's just sucks, yeah, totally fair, yeah. And so, like, I'm not trying to put anyone on blast or nothing, but it's just like, I'm always open kimono. You know that almost a little too open. And so, like, I let's just, like, figure out who we got to go talk to and how, and I trust you and, and I already started that also on my end, McLean, sincerely, like, even today, you know, talking to Matt from CAST, which is why I was running five minutes late on, on the financing stuff, and with Eb, even with all the crosslink stuff, like figuring out how to handle the crosslink stuff, because, like, now, you know, at the end, it's, it's like, that doesn't help, and it's, I'm worried about what they're going to try to make US do on the financing that you know we got to still get a good deal for Haven like, they're out here trying to do a $4 million round now, what do you know, like, just like, just like they were supposed to do in March, all that stuff. Let's just work on cleaning it up, if that's cool, in a way that is not like, embarrassing for anybody, and just vice versa? Yeah. I

McLain Southworth  13:38:36
mean, I think, I think, I think narratives was one of the things that we've always been kind of talking about, like, once we figure this out, like, let's come to an agreement on the narrative and and talk to the people that we need to talk to, because the end of the day, like, doesn't help either of us. Right? Your reputation needs to be good. My reputation needs to be good. I need your reputation to be good. You probably need my reputation to be good.

Joseph Guzel  13:38:59
Yeah, and agreed, yeah, totally and totally, that's, that's, that's totally right. And I've had, you know, I've had, there have been times where we've been mad at each other, and stuff, building a business is fucking hard, especially when we're remote. Like, it just sucked being remote, you know, and the and so, like, whatever you need me to do, however you need me to call, I'll do it. And and I don't think we should. What we should do is, is no matter what, so that we can, we gotta, we gotta show people that this place is strong, because, like, it is, they are smelling blood in the water here, man, because, like, my dirty laundry is all over fucking town. Like it is bad, bad, bad. And I'm talking to, like, waspy ish white guys now, like, this is, like, the opposite of what you guys, I'm the Arab here, and I'm saying that right, like, they are going to come for our throats. They're gonna see, you know that we're weak. And I can already, like, feel it in the boardrooms. Like every sets, just one thing. We got to make money from these things. Like, we stand to make a lot of money, and it, you know, set us up for the rest of our lives. God willing. I had this little I found this posted in my vacuum. Chris Sacca lowercase, one, fund, one. How big do you think it was?

Unknown Speaker  13:40:32
There's like, a. What was

Joseph Guzel  13:40:36
it? It was, how much

Speaker 1  13:40:38
it was, like, 15, the initial point, 8 million. How?

Joseph Guzel  13:40:42
What do you think the net DPI was multiple? I

Liam Gallacher  13:40:47
was like, over 200x Yeah, it's

Joseph Guzel  13:40:49
coming from the LP, yeah, it's 204x you know, and, and, and looking at, like, look at chime, where it's getting priced today relative to last week. Now it's at 11 posts like, you and I, we were right on this thesis, man. Like, I mean, fucking Hey, we were, we were really, really right. And it joked it so I think, anyways, sorry for wasting Okay, I won't ramble

Liam Gallacher  13:41:14
on, no, Joe. I just, I think I like, I know McLean has a hard stop. Oh, I'm

Joseph Guzel  13:41:19
sorry. At one so we got 40 minutes, yeah, plenty. I just, I just want to, I just want to, just want

Liam Gallacher  13:41:25
to make sure that we, we go somewhere.

Joseph Guzel  13:41:27
I have a hard stop one day. I gotta go to the dentist. The the Okay, so we agree on that stuff and cool, that would be the stuff I'd like us to just start working on it as soon as Everybody's cool. You guys

Liam Gallacher  13:41:44
don't need me to do that too, right? You guys can iterate. Like, you guys can figure that stuff out. The whole point, the whole point, the whole point was, I'm trying to be an olive branch between you two. And so like, if you guys want to iterate, and then if it fucking falls apart, we can jump on the jump on again, and I can help mediate.

Joseph Guzel  13:42:01
We kind of always needed a third person to kind of break up the monotony here.

Liam Gallacher  13:42:08
So and Joe, like, look, anytime I've talked to McLean, like McLean has always said that that he wants to do, like he doesn't want to bury anybody, and he wants to, he wants to make sure that everybody should, because I agree with what McClain said, right? Like, if you're, if McLean sufficient sucks, it looks poorly on you. If Joseph patient sucks, it looks poorly on McLean, you both need to kind of have it be that. Yeah, okay.

Joseph Guzel  13:42:32
And then that's, that's what makes like attribution stuff matters so much more life on my side, especially because I there's a disparity, and obviously in the access to capital, it's just by at my my access to do, the only thing that I know, what to do, how to do, and is gone. You know, I

Liam Gallacher  13:42:52
don't think it's gone, Joe. I just think it's, I just think that, you know, like, I think the difference between when you spun out of cross link and now is different in the sense that you have a body of work that you've done without the infrastructure of cross link, both of you, right? Both of you. So, like, it's different now, right? It's, it's, I think that when Pete, like, you know, I talked to Ben about this at length, and Ben was just like, Buck man, like, I know a lot of first time funds, where they guys break up and they all go do their own thing, and they're fine. Like, it's not totally not. Like, this is, this is the death sentence. It's,

Joseph Guzel  13:43:28
you're, you're absolutely right, and that's what every LP says. And I was thinking about this the other day, listening to a podcast, and because, because, like, I mean, were we really doing seed investing here, you know, McLean and I, like, not really, and that maybe would have, we would have looked more like a seed firm, you know, going forward, whatever happens next, would look more like a seed firm. That's what McClain and I had talked about, like, because it just because the paradigm was shifting. And McLean and I were the only guys at 40 years old or under 40 that had seen four cycles in FinTech. And so, like, that's why this happened and and that's, that's when, when I would say, like, the body of work in the foundation, and it is, is because of that Liam, like, what we're not just gonna Haven two or whatever, isn't just, like, go do 30 investments in cool companies that you beat out box group and first round. Like, that's not what paved McLean and I do. And our advantage. So whatever. That's called, it ain't seed. And so that's, that was the that was one of the hard things when it's like, Okay, starting over also means that, because, how do you get that foundation back right? And we should all benefit from it, clearly, right? Him, me, everybody, because, as we did it and so now on, on that note, like getting to, like, Haven and attribution and all this stuff, like I am in control, like the double I'm cool on all that, but it's what I need. I thought a lot about this, like I've always just needed the security of, you know, the business continuing. And, you know. Of having a fun too. So like, and I think that there's a lot of ways that that any number of reasonable things are possible, you know, here, like, on that. So, like,

Liam Gallacher  13:45:51
so, okay, so, so I think that you need, we need to, like, look, what are you thinking

Joseph Guzel  13:45:58
here? So here's, so here's what I'm thinking is, is, if I can get an anchor, and I don't want to make like, this demand, because it just, you know how I am with these things. Just feels weird saying it like and I, and I know what it takes to get it and stuff like, and, but, like, a 20% or whatever the anchor check was going to be for, what for haven to where, you know, it's, it's the new thing, like, I'm, I'm good on everything else. Like, honestly, like, I the operating stuff, we can figure out. I think the operating stuff complained, like, let's just have partner meetings. It's, it's really, we haven't had partner meetings, and we haven't, like, been disciplined about that. Liam and like, I feel a lot of the stuff that ends up being a problem for mcplan and I is communication, there's the distance. And so we don't have these regular touch points until there's, like, a financing event. And, like, that's when, that's when you notice. It's like, oh, we make financial, like, the investment decisions, we're pretty fluid on and tackling that. It's like, everything else we're not. It's because it's everything else is the running the fucking business, and so, like, I'll be doing board meetings. He doesn't know what the hell is going on, because there's no partner meeting. Have the conversation, right? Let's say, Well, what the fuck

Liam Gallacher  13:47:26
when you want an anchor? Like, does that mean you're gonna go find an anchor for fun too? Well,

Joseph Guzel  13:47:31
well, look, if, if, if it's in the realm of possible, like,

Liam Gallacher  13:47:35
are you good? Are you gonna go market? Like, like, what? Like, how does I

Joseph Guzel  13:47:38
would obviously have to go like, like, yesterday it was looking like I have to go start a new business, which would imply I have to go start everything over again, right? So that looks like a management company and go find an anchor investor and pitch for 12 months to 18 months, like it's and what I was counting on for my life at this point was I have two funds and, you know, and I have half of both. Now that's not, it's not going to be half of both. But, like, I, if I can get a commitment here from, if it's possible from grass meadow to commit to a reasonable fund size, which we were targeting anyways, and I was, I would target anyways, that looks like a $75 million fund, for a $60 million fund, like, that's, that's, I think, a great size. And I and that is what it can be called Haven two. And I think, and I think calling it haven to solves all the other narrative problems. You see, where, where, like, one narrative is the show of strength for, for Haven, the business where we, because we still have a lot of work to do on one right and and the body more feeds on each other, then that looks like strength, right there, right? Two is, is it solves for, for everything that I need, which is a future and a platform and a career, you know, instead of having to do one again from scratch, where I don't have the same access to capital and then three, that way, McLean and I are both benefiting equally from the attribution that was built on Haven one. And I don't see any reason why it can't be the same or with Haven two, and why he can't own some of the GP, and why he can't also, like, draw some kind of salary or something from it. Honestly, McClain, like, I think all of that stuff is reasonable and, and, and and can to be like something I would have always, like, been cool with and, and if, and just like when it comes to and that takes care of, like, all the narratives and so and so. It makes us look strong. It makes you look strong if, when you if you have it figured out, if you need to have it figured out. If you need more time, you know, to figure out, like, what you necessarily want to do, it allows both of us to to work on that together, like, kind of like how Eric did with with crosslink and because and that helped a lot, you know, like that. That's why. Having seen it from cross cut and from and shit. I was like, and you said, No, you saw this that. I mean, they're still, they're still fighting with each other over there, right?

Liam Gallacher  13:50:45
It's like, what, like, what are your thoughts? I think

McLain Southworth  13:50:52
you know, and I appreciate you kind of running through this, I know it's, it's, you know, we're just kind of here. I think, I think the issue with grass Meadow is we are very much outside of their thesis area anyway, right? And, you know, it was really kind of a check, you know, as a as a bet and as a favor, I mean, as a bet that, you know, it's not like they need a return from a $10 million fund to increase

Joseph Guzel  13:51:22
supporting you. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  13:51:25
yeah, exactly. And so I think, like, I think it's going to be a real hard sell internally, just because, you know, it very much, is outside their thesis anyway. And I think, like, you know, and again, I'm not pointing fingers or anything like that, but they were kind of brought into it, and kind of were, like, saw the murkiness of this, you know, when they started getting emails. And so I think it would, honestly, I think it would be a tough sell. I mean, maybe what we could do is we could work, you know, I'm happy to work with you. I'm trying to figure out, who is that anchor, right? And try to help you sell into that.

Joseph Guzel  13:52:09
Yeah. I mean, I could, let's, let's think about that. I mean, it's, it's like when I cuz cuz and again. I'm not trying to be a hard ass or anything. I'm so tired the, you know, in the absence of to that point, like how if we were continuing as the duo, as the team, like the you it's like, when we were at rosewood, you know, I was being sincere in that moment where I was like, I was like, Well, do you, you know, do Okay, cool, they're an LP, like, we can do it without them, you know. And, and because, again, I had no intention of not working with you for the rest of my life in this capacity. So it just kind of happened, and it's okay. We both need to be happy, and so I but it's just it's hard for me to like, to feel like I can breathe. Honestly, McClain and and he, like, you know, you know my financial situation, you know, like, everything from the clothes on my back for just something that I've had to do myself. And so, like, at this juncture of my life, I wasn't planning for this. I was really counting on, on you, on our ability to rely on, on that despite, you know, the internet's still here tomorrow, no matter what, no matter what, no matter what the economy is doing or whatever LPs are doing, and, and, and. So at least, like we could have, you know, another fun but getting to fund two was so important because I know that it and, you know, Haven, Haven, one's trajectory gets makes a fun three happen, right? And, and I don't see why, also, we can't all benefit from that trajectory. I think all of this stuff is incredibly reasonable, because I'm a guy that's never had any stuff except for my reputation,

Liam Gallacher  13:54:19
right? I think, I think Joe, I think, like, at the end of the day, right? Think the biggest thing with Haven is you think about it from a plane standpoint, right? So, like, I think the narrative matters both ways, right? I think if McClain can trust that the narrative will be that McLean helped build Haven into what it is, rather than some like Trumpian Machiavellian bullshit. Where, like, Oh no, yeah, so it's where, like, you say, Well, you know, I didn't need, I didn't actually need McLean. I'm good now, because I think you know, you have to think about it from his perspective, in the sense that he's taking, he'd be taking reputational risks by made by, like, doing anything with Haven two. He's also got to figure out what he wants to do, right? He's already stated he doesn't want to do Haven two, right? And he doesn't want to do Haven three or four or five or six or seven, yeah. And so he's got to figure out, okay, like, where, where can I be aligned? So I think, like, you know, I think that if, if I'm just speaking for McClain, I'm not saying this is what he believes, but I think that if he were to do any of that, he would need, like, on unbelievable amount of assurances to what the narrative is going to be. Totally, yeah. Not only, not only that, he would need to, like, need considerable financial upside in it, right? Like, you can't be like, Oh, I'll give you 5% right? Because you just said that. You'd probably need his help to, you know, raise money and, etc, etc, and then, plus, he's got to go and do his own thing too, whatever that is, as well. So, like, I would, which

Joseph Guzel  13:55:54
I would help with, with the it's, we're aligned here. It's, I think all of that stuff is totally reasonable and what, and I agree, like, because it's what we did across link, you know, and, and not to say that that was perfect, that that was actually, like, a really shitty process for me and McLean, you know, we got tossed around a lot for a year and like we didn't actually like we should have, we should have taken more shit with us, candidly, especially after McClain, you know, and his family pump hundreds of millions of dollars in that business, yeah, into the crosslink business, right? And they were still dicking us around like, we show me that shit. And I know, I know how important, like the sectors and stuff I I'm a I am a fan and love, and I love, like family, the Southworth and page family, so, like, I know the shit about another shit. They don't. I know what is the nose so

Liam Gallacher  13:56:52
Joe just, I think we got to let McLean speak. I'm sorry because McLean McClain has to, he has to let us know what he thinks. Sure,

McLain Southworth  13:56:59
my thinking is, I've been kind of thinking a lot about this, you know, I think almost a good way of doing it is kind of doing what Joe longsdale did, right? I

Joseph Guzel  13:57:13
actually don't know what he did. I just know it went formation. I don't know he was in

McLain Southworth  13:57:19
business with the air of the LG fortune. And they had, they started a fund called formation eight, yeah, and eight came from the fact that Asians love the number eight was lucky, right? They did two funds, they fucking crushed it, and then they went their separate ways. And Joe started eight VC, carrying over the eight to a different name, and he still like points to his track record in conjunction with, I think his name was, like Kim Lee or something like that and like and in some ways, people just see it as kind of a continuation, even though it's a separate, new font, right? Yeah, new logo. It's, it's not a fun to, but it's like, you know, it's kind of like the tiger cub to what, you know, William was sorry, Liam was saying, and, and so I think, like, you could, you know, I think that you could do that, right, and it's, you know, you can even, and we'd have to agree to this, but you could, you could use the terminology of, like, Oh, I'm just continuing on a lot of the things that McLean and I did at haven in terms of an investment thesis,

Joseph Guzel  13:58:33
right? I mean, talk about when we always talk, sorry, sorry. Like, when remember, like, when we always say, like, or at least, I always say, or a continuation. We're effectively a continuation of the Roberts and Stevens, like legacy, because they want, you know, Robertson Stevens to cross link to Haven as the formal spin outs. And so I'm driving with that, like I when I was trying to earlier this year, brother, like, trying to get us, like, moving on financing, on fundraising, because I'm like, God, like, I can't. I need this second fund, and then, like, all my problems will be solved. Like, like that ever is true. But when I was like, quantum, what I say, quantum H, like, like, I was like, why can't it be a bunch of funds, you know, like, in that, in that realm where I was like, why aren't we doing a quantum fund and like, if that's what you wanted to do, it was like, own that quantum fund wholly, like, like, mostly, but it's within the realm with a separate management company and stuff like, whatever, like, what, so that like everyone, because, because our style investing is going to continue to change and like, it's like, I feel like we're I have to head into a style of investing here. Part of the reason why it was like building a team is that, like, I don't like doing, and I'm not that good at doing, which is, like, traditional, like, YC kind of seed, because it's the application layer, you know, on top of, like the FinTech thesis and like the quantum thesis, like, what, you know, you have quantum cryptography. Like, that's how I was looking at it, and I don't know if that was clear and, and there's a so I totally jive with the formation eight thing, or the tiger cup thing. And after and all the credit in the world going to everybody that was in that Cabal, whether it's a closed garden with a bunch of gnomes. 90s, or whether it's, it's not, and it looks more like Lee Fixel over here, and this guy over here, like the Drexel mafia or whatever, and they all meet at the Milken conference, you know, or, like, whatever the heck it is. And cool. So I, but I it's, it's just again for me, what would make that like, what would make that go down just like took like, because in the absence of knowing that I can have a fun too, without having to, like, go and do the work that I wasn't expecting to have to do alone, and the resources and and in the absence of all that like, and still having to, of course, manage Haven one, and then have to sell a thesis that is like, Oh yeah, I'm using this thing for my old thing, but I'm what, but I'm my new things focused on The on cap, on, like, compounding on that value,

Liam Gallacher  14:01:36
right? But, Joe, but this is, but this is like, so like, let me just, I'll just interject you really quickly. So one, like, I think it's quite paramount, but I think that both you and Jim, both both you McLean, are going to split up. Okay? Like, you're always going to be conjoined with Haven, but at the end of the day, I don't think that either of you want this is, like, McLean, you can tell me if I'm wrong. But like, I don't think either of you want to be encumbered by one another in anything going forward, okay, for one my right? McLean,

Unknown Speaker  14:02:08
yeah. I just think it just makes things a little complicated, right?

Joseph Guzel  14:02:11
Yeah. So, like, so, I think so, like, like, you know, being synergistic, but not having to, like, have it operated, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  14:02:17
like, like, you know, like, McLean could start like quantum Haven, and Joe could start like LA Haven. I don't really give a whatever, right? Um, secondly, it's on both of you to figure out the narrative for your new fund, right? I think. But look, but McLean, what I think Joe's saying, and Joe, you can tell me if I'm wrong, but think what Joe's saying. He's saying, hey, look like I know we've had some bullshit happen at this, at Haven we're trying to remedy it. But if there's any way that you know, like you can help me with my fund, and I can help you with your fund, I would be open to that is that, is that what you're saying,

Joseph Guzel  14:02:57
Joe, yeah, like, if it's like, if I know that, I can get an anchor check. If we can come out into this agreement where part of it is like, we will get an anchor check for a reasonably sized fund, for Haven too, as if it was just, or what, sorry, whatever, Haven, J, whatever, whatever the fuck it would be. If you think, God, we picked Haven as a name because there's a lot of shit that goes with it, that would be pretty interesting. And the H is good, we should call it Haven capital, right? The like that. Then, then that's then that's totally easy, and it solves the narrative stuff forever, you know, like, I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm a fan of Haven so badass brand, because we both will still own half of the tree trunk. Actually kind of like this approach a lot, right? Yeah, because

Liam Gallacher  14:03:51
Joe, I don't think that, I don't think that we can get it like, imbibed in an agreement that you're going to get it, that you're going to get a check, right? Like, I think this is the, I think this is where, like, you know, if it was, if I, if it was me and I was in your spot, would I be asking McClain, is it's like, hey, you know, do you think that you could help make intros and help help me, like, go on my little merry way because McLean's, McLean's got a pretty decent Rolodex. But I also think, too Joe, like, I think that what maybe you're underestimating is, is that I think that the LPS that you have in Haven one like, let's just, let's just take grass meadow out of it. Okay, let's take grass meadow out of it. It's, it's 35 million bucks. Um, 35 million bucks. So maybe they, maybe someone's gonna give you a $2 million check. Maybe they split it into 2 $1 million checks instead, if that makes any sense, right? And so what I'm saying is, is that I don't really think it's fair to encumber the agreement with a, with a with a, yeah, like a commitment for your fund, yeah. But how I see this going is, let's get this operating agreement signed first. Like, let's get it signed first, because if we get the operating agreement signed, then you get your comps back. We should do that as fast as possible. Yeah, that'd be nice, if you're okay to walk back on like, you like, you get sold discretion on a bunch of stuff. Oh, yeah, I think we could stuff. We could talk about. Yeah, okay. And so, like, I think, like, what I. I'd be doing if I was you McLean is I'd go through that agreement and just make everything mutual, get your lawyers to look at it and then get you and Joe to sign off.

Unknown Speaker  14:05:47
Are you okay with me trying taking a first crack at it? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  14:05:50
honestly, if you want to just kind of like take, I don't know if you want to work it off that draft that Latham and I did,

McLain Southworth  14:06:02
go back to the original draft and then just Yeah, sure your changes and and see if I can incorporate them. I'm going to do best phase effort, obviously, in the red line, and get your thoughts. Okay,

Joseph Guzel  14:06:14
yeah. And you know, everything was happening kind of like in a it's been a vortex for all of us, but, yeah, but like, some, some of the terms McLean, like, on the May 5 stuff and like cause events, like, what Latham voiceover that they were trying to do with that is it goes back to like shit that we probably should have had, you know, already. So make it says, like, there should be a high bar for cause events, like we probably should have had that. So it wasn't like trying to put new enforcements on us. It's a ship that actually we should

McLain Southworth  14:06:51
if it's, yeah, I mean, if it's hung up on it. But I think we could get creative here if it's a worry of, like, Okay, this happens and then, you know, a month ago, a month from now, like, you know, we need protections on like, that it won't happen again. Like, I think there's creative

Joseph Guzel  14:07:07
ways to do it, yeah. And I think, yeah, totally Yeah. It's, it's like, we shouldn't be all the obvious shit that we should have had, like we, you know, I shouldn't ever be able to take away your access from the business. You shouldn't ever be able to take away my access from the business. You got to do all that big boy clean up, to act like a company, not just two guys with computers, and then, like, hold ourselves to it. And it's not that hard, right? We just have to do a couple things. And then, on the, on the, the only, the only thing that I know will will solve a lot of the the nightmare that we have running the business of this shit, and is especially important like in, let's say, two years from Now, McLean, where, like, we're both running other businesses, and we still have these obligations. Like, I'm still on the Hamza board trying to make us money, you know, if it's going public or something like that. Like, Jim on chime right, that we hold ourselves to, like, check ins and partner meetings. Like, I just if we do Tuesday partner meetings and a Thursday like, if we just hold ourselves to some kind of shit from and we just borrow from crosslink, then that way nobody ever feels like there's no surprises, or they're being surprised by stuff. If we hold ourselves to board reports, if we hold ourselves to voice memos, I don't care you want to, like, meet in the metaverse, like, where you get Google Glasses, like, whatever the fuck you want to meet up for beers twice a month. Like, I, you know, I'd love to do that shit. I always wanted to do that shit and, and cool. Like, like, great, and, and,

McLain Southworth  14:08:45
yeah, we can discuss that if you want to formalize Tuesday board meetings. I think so we have something in there about regular communication on a weekly date. Yeah.

Liam Gallacher  14:08:55
So, I think, I think, like, if I were to just, kind of, like, summarize everything, just so we can just let's there, and I've written it down so it's like, we're gonna, like, from a, from a from a May 5 standpoint, like, we're gonna agree that Joe was never fired and he was never had to be reinstated. And like, that's not going to be memorialized in the agreement. That's gonna be more like a talking point from a communication standpoint, like where you have to go, and if anybody knew that, sorry, anybody had this

Joseph Guzel  14:09:21
idea that way, and it doesn't say because there was a management consent that he said, right,

Liam Gallacher  14:09:28
yeah. Like, we can, like

McLain Southworth  14:09:30
the manager, yeah. But remember, I said, Hey, listen, this. Could never see. This will stay between us, if we can kind of figure out some sort of operating going forward, right, right? So,

Liam Gallacher  14:09:39
like, essentially, so essentially, like, what you can do, like, what I would like, what I would do if I was, if I was Joe McClain, is, I would, I would be proof that that thing was, like, deep six, and it's gone. No one has any access to it, and it doesn't exist. That makes sense, yeah, we can, yeah, something.

Joseph Guzel  14:09:52
I mean, I'm sure I want to avoid, like, the lawyers derailing us, like it kind of, I think needs to be two things, right? It needs to be the if it has to, because something was sent like that, and it went to folks. It went to, you know, a Duro and lawyers. And I don't know who it all went to but it went to people, and they called me a duro of svbro, SVB, and Cooley and who else. That's it. That's it. Okay, dude. And no founders or anybody, okay, yeah, okay. So, I mean, the lawyers are gonna have, like, an opinion on this. I'm I'm cool. You can. Just,

Liam Gallacher  14:10:34
but you could just rescind it because, because of a claim sent, if you can rescind it whatever, or

Joseph Guzel  14:10:38
it can wake them or whoever, whatever they say, I, I'm it only, it

Unknown Speaker  14:10:42
only looks it only went to you and

Joseph Guzel  14:10:44
service providers, yeah, if so, then it's

Liam Gallacher  14:10:46
like, so what you could, what you can do as a part of it, you can, like, you can do, like, some sort of legal agreement where you both sign and says, like, like, Joe was never fired, we are retracting whatever was sent. And this is, you know, this is going like something along those lines, and

Joseph Guzel  14:11:00
we can add in, adding the personal, sorry, sorry. What do you say, brother? I'm

McLain Southworth  14:11:05
just saying, if you talk to your lawyers and they feel like they need something like that, like happy to discuss that, are you, are

Joseph Guzel  14:11:12
you working with Oric, or, or did you stop? Or, yeah, Quan and Ben know each other, like all these guys. I met Ben when I was 22 like, we just put them together and we'll just do like that, like in place like it. If the agreement thing, we shouldn't have an agreement that says, like, McLean and I agree that all these things that we're going to be nice to each other, blah, blah staple to our doc has to be a personal thing, like, like, where it's like, the reputational like, help me on the reputational cleanup, please.

McLain Southworth  14:11:45
Yeah. And I think, I think that's what the biggest way is just, I mean, it's just those service providers, and they have an obligation to work for both of us until, you know, until some sort of firing process has been complete, right? And so, in my opinion, and obviously, like, a check with your lawyers, and I can do the same, my opinion is, you know, just formal message to them, like, you know, please ignore. I'm not

Joseph Guzel  14:12:10
trying. I'm not trying to embarrass anybody or, like, make it be like, hey, no, it's no, no. It's also like, the founders, you know, like Matt from cast and like, it's all the founders know, but that's everything, but that's but that's different. Those are different things and so and so we gotta, we gotta figure out and triage that. Like, tomorrow, you know, like, yeah, that's gonna

Liam Gallacher  14:12:32
get dealt with. Like, but, but I don't think McLean ever said that. He didn't want to even want to No, no. McLean is, I think, I don't think, I think McLean's been pretty clear about what he wanted. So I think that's that, yeah, because we were just talking, you guys are gonna, yeah, yeah. You guys will work on the LP investment outreach, like investment, like CEO outreach, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  14:12:52
like, he's the claim that need to be contacted, or who, from your end, I cap rock fly over. The reason why I talked to them is because the Homs of finance flyover.

McLain Southworth  14:13:04
I haven't, I haven't told why over, I haven't told cap rock. Okay,

Joseph Guzel  14:13:08
so I chatted with Caprock and with with Richard rock. It was weeks ago. You know, it's been four weeks and and with CAP rock, just because the Hamza financing thing was coming together, I and I was worried it was and I knew they were committed to it, to know, just kind of get their temperature. I didn't know what was going on with those financings. Like, I didn't know if they emailed me, you know, yeah, and had any questions, what was the context of the conversation? It's kind of funny, man. Everybody like, I was just like, I was like, I was like, Look, you know, you know, full disclosure, like, you know, McLean and I don't have access to my email. So if you've been emailing me like, it's, you know, I'm sorry if I missed it. Here's what's happening with the Honza financing. And are you how you feeling? You have any questions, blah, blah, blah. And then it was like, and then, and then I was like, I was like, they're like, why don't you have access to email? I was like, I was like, you know, just without divulging too much, like, you know, McLean and I were just kind of, like, working through some some some stuff here and, like, and, and, you know, I just wanted you to have assurances that, like, everything is all good. Homs is all good, the financing. Because they all wanted to know, like, well, is the round? Do I wire tomorrow? Yes or No, right? Yeah. And so that's what I had to get in front of here.

McLain Southworth  14:14:33
And I think from the LP side, it's, it's, I didn't contact Caprock, I didn't I didn't contact or creek. I didn't contact flyover. Obviously, Liam knows. Obviously the family office knows, and then the one other person who knows, and this was just real fucking small world, is Bradley Horowitz, because fucking Ben, ah, is his brother in law, and I had no other way.

Joseph Guzel  14:15:07
Well, well, I mean, I mean, look, man, everybody knows, everybody. I'd add

Liam Gallacher  14:15:15
one more person isn't cross link, is cross link? Or Eric and LP? See our cross link, cross

Joseph Guzel  14:15:21
link, yeah. I mean, like, look, cross link. The entire like, isn't, isn't Cooley and LP as well. Yeah, cool he's an LP as well. Yeah, so Cooley, so I'd say council. So

Liam Gallacher  14:15:31
I'd say, like, the reach out, at least the. The ones I got is Catboy, flyover, crosslink, John

Joseph Guzel  14:15:36
Lane. And we have individuals who are LPs, who are, yeah, like,

McLain Southworth  14:15:41
you guys, individual things gonna be hard where it's like, friends, like, it's just like, like,

Joseph Guzel  14:15:47
it's, it's it. I mean, do

McLain Southworth  14:15:51
you want to create like, a threshold in terms of dollar amount here. I mean,

Joseph Guzel  14:15:55
no, it's for, I mean, like, Look, man, it's, you know, down to the Brett Brewer, Wilco. I mean, I can't walk down the street. Man, like, it's been really hard. McLean, I'm not, and I'm not being a I'm not being, you know, sarcastic. This is like, Well, life is like, different. Man,

Liam Gallacher  14:16:14
yeah, yeah. So, so I think what's playing, so I think we'll play. What we should do, let's get, let's get the agreement spun around. That's the most important thing. Then what we can do is we can add an appendix, of, like, like,

Joseph Guzel  14:16:27
I don't get invited on an appendix, like, like, with friends, like, because all my friends are venture friends. You know, it's like, the only ones are the guys, the groomsmen that are like, you know, have been standing by me. Yeah, I don't know like, look

Liam Gallacher  14:16:39
like, like, Joe. I don't think that we have any. I have definitely no like, I have a, I don't know exactly what you're going through, but I have a lot of I have, I can imagine it's really difficult. I think that it's paramount that we get resolved. But I also agree with like, McClain, like, you don't want to be happy. You don't want to have to have like, 100 fucking calls with some dude that's got like, 10k in

Joseph Guzel  14:17:02
Right? Like, and that's why, like, a like, what I

Liam Gallacher  14:17:06
think you Joe is like, Joe

Joseph Guzel  14:17:08
is secure. He's got his thing, and him and McLean are cool, and everything's cool and, you know, and, and everybody's like, Why? Why aren't you on a fun too? And I'm like, Why aren't I on a fun too? And if I'm running around town, you know, having to pitch that my 20% anchor isn't involved with fun too, that I started this business with, and, but my partner is still involved, and, like, I'm cheering him on and, like, helping him with his thing, and we're it's like, it'd be the easiest solve is an anchor check, because that solves every narrative, right?

Liam Gallacher  14:17:46
Joe, I think that that's that like, That one I would push back on. So I would say this, okay, like, let's say, let's say you started a fund with my little brother or even me. Let's say, right. Let's say you started a fund with me. Okay? And cannonball, put in 10 million bucks. Let's say, right. And then let's say we broke up. There's no fucking way my mom's gonna give you money because she's like, I gave, I put money into the thing that you guys did together because of me, not because of anything else, and so and so. For then, for then, if we're breaking up, like for part of the breakup, is that we have to guarantee that my mom's going to give you money. Well, that's that, I think that that, I think's a bridge too far. Well,

Joseph Guzel  14:18:37
I totally get it. Like, sorry, go ahead.

McLain Southworth  14:18:39
What I can commit to is, like, again, this is so gray area, but like, reasonable faith that'll help you, you know, fundraise, right?

Joseph Guzel  14:18:53
Like, for example, assurance, for me.

McLain Southworth  14:18:54
Well, I mean, but it's just, I mean, I can't guarantee you a check is the problem, right?

Joseph Guzel  14:19:03
It's never been. It's not like your money to control. I know that, man, it's but that's why, if you, if we get, if we think orthogonally here about the realm of possibilities of narrative, because the narrative mattering for Haven, one which you're a part of, and the and your narrative around it, ie attribution being important to you, which I totally understand, and because it's your credibility, it's everything, and you deserve to have that attribution for the thing you built. And so in my need for attribution for the thing that I built, which also looks like being able to to use this as attributable to I had no intention of shutting down this business, right? And so it's like it can, it can still work for everybody, where you can be an owner in the continuation of our business and its offspring, right, both ways, you know, in a reasonable way that I think that that's a narrative where it's, it's a strong narrative. It's where, where, where. It's like, look, I McLean like, I build things like, and I built this thing with Joe and Joe, he builds things and and this is like, the PayPal Mafia, kind of like, where you have valor and you have Founders Fund and you have formation eight and ABC, that's more the where it gets to when we do this, like, because, and that's such a good story, and how they're all synergistic with the. Each other, despite being different firms, and they, you know, and they're tangentially related, and that's how I see it going, like you're still going to be doing FinTech and all the things that you're good at, and I'm going to do all the things I good at, and I still want to be able to call you if I need something. I'm sure you still want to be able to call me if I need something. We got to work on Haven one together anyways, right? So, so it's

Unknown Speaker  14:20:59
it was,

McLain Southworth  14:21:02
maybe let's, let's just, I know we've only got a minute here. Why don't I get started on the operation agreement? Just, yeah, and I feel like we could almost, you know, this part can be an ongoing conversation, and I think it'll be a lot of back and forth, like, you know, how do we, how do we market this externally? How do I help you raise a fund? You know, I think that's all stuff that we can, we can figure out.

Joseph Guzel  14:21:27
I mean, in and but I it's really important to me here that that's in this operating agreement that we signed, like, this week, right? Like, but,

Liam Gallacher  14:21:38
but, but, Joe, I think the best that you're going to get from McLean is on a best efforts basis. McClain is going to try and help you raise the fund too. Because that's, that's, that's what I would that's, that's, that's what I would say. On a best efforts basis, there's no because there's no guarantees, right? We can't

Joseph Guzel  14:21:58
put Okay, let's say, but this can end up screwing both of us right? Because, like, if it ends up being that we're in a world where Joe

Liam Gallacher  14:22:05
just just, really quickly, go back to what he talks about with Joe Lonsdale, I understand. I totally get it. Joe long still, John. Joe long broke up from a dude that was had oodles of money, okay, yeah, oodles of, like, more money than God, if anything, Joe, Joe was way more put out than than that guy.

Joseph Guzel  14:22:29
No, Joe, is that Joe? I'm not that Joe. Yet, you know, like, I'm just not like, I very different than you guys. I'm sorry, like, it's I have, I don't have access to capital like that. I have to go out and I have to grab it. Now, that's an unbelievable amount of work for someone, even with my track record in my experience and my contacts, right?

Liam Gallacher  14:22:52
No, I agree with you, Joe, but what I'm saying and

Joseph Guzel  14:22:56
against a narrative, I'm going to need the strongest narrative here and where it's going to work. It end up backfiring against both of us, and putting us in the same spot is like it is. I know what's going to happen, because we have to do it with cross link and where and cross link. We had to do it with the crossover stuff, with the generational transition, and this isn't my first rodeo, neither. McLean's where it's like,

Unknown Speaker  14:23:20
I actually do have

Liam Gallacher  14:23:24
no it's all good. I gotta Joe. I'm sure I gotta run too, but,

Joseph Guzel  14:23:26
yeah, it's so look. So all I'm saying is, like, I understand what I'm asking for, and I'm not trying to be crazy here. I i What? I urge you guys, because this is really the most important piece for me that makes because I know it makes everything else fucking easy I am cool with, like everything else just being easy if I know that my future is secure and that I don't, I don't have to climb Mount Everest here, because that's, that's what it is. And I've had to climb, I've had to summit base camp a couple times already, and it fucking sucks, and I don't want to sit camp anymore. And that wasn't what I had intended for my life right now whatsoever. And so, like, that's a huge concession for me

Liam Gallacher  14:24:10
to that's fair. So, like, so what we're gonna do, Joe is going to talk about this again. Okay, McLean will. McLean will iterate on the on the agreement, and then we'll, we'll talk again.

Speaker 1  14:24:22
Sounds because we can, we can chat tomorrow. We can chat whenever.

Joseph Guzel  14:24:26
Yeah, I'd love, like, in my opinion, like it's figuring out this thing McLean is, like, it is the sitting in, like, thinking about access controls and partner meetings and stuff. I just think we that stuff's easy, like, I obviously need my access controls for the business. Like, Well, okay, like, another day, whatever I leave on Sunday. I I think we would both. I guess Christine is probably going to go into labor here any second. I keep wondering if I'm going to wake up in your F wake up and you're at the hospital. I hope she's good. Congratulations. Did you think of a name

Unknown Speaker  14:25:01
pilot? I guess I'm really sorry.

Liam Gallacher  14:25:05
I got to run. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  14:25:10
this piece is all that matters. So, like, if you haven't really come with an idea on that, and we're good like it's it's all that

Unknown Speaker  14:25:18
matters. Thanks, man. You.
