Joseph Guzel  17:39:59
Uh, for the LPs, for the fund, for everything, but also, just like, I've, I've been working with this guy since 2017 I know him better than anybody you know. And like I, and I know what the possibility of things that are going to happen. I'm just trying to, I'm, like, very excited about the future. Let's put it that way. So I want to make sure that that's secure.

Liam Gallacher  17:40:20
Yeah, no, I understand what you're saying. And like, look, I doing a deep I did a debrief with McLean. After this I'm doing, I'll do a debrief with you. Like, look, so when I look at it right, like, so I think that the attribution and the memorialization of May 5. Okay? I mean, those are two large Hornets nests, in my opinion, yeah, my opinion, don't need to be kicked one. So I'll tell you exactly as I didn't claim don't ever put anything into a legal document for anything on paper you don't want fucking put all there that you don't want anybody else to read totally okay? It's one thing to have. You never want to have that. So my view is, with the moralization of May 5, it's going to be a back and forth about what he accuses you of, what you accuse him of, and all that bullshit. Okay? And I feel like all we're doing is bringing back everybody's dirty laundry, sure, and, and, and it's gonna be contentious. It's gonna be very contentious. It's gonna take a long time for one Okay, now, that's my opinion. I just feel like that's something you do in a lawsuit, in my opinion, yeah, and that's something that you do, that's something you do in court. And I'll tell you right now. Like I said this McClain, I'm like, Look, I don't think either of you will have issues raising money. Do whatever the fuck you want to do post Haven I just don't, as long as you guys don't end up in court, get up in court for two or four years of your life. Money, the money that you spend, and you'll be spending at least five years of your life, explain away what happened in Haven totally. Because every investor, every investor, investors get to be like, What the fuck So, yeah, that's my view about the memorialization of nature. That's just my opinion. Okay. Secondly, the attribution, Look, man, I don't have any I don't have any belief that you'll have any issues, like being successful. I just don't and, like, you know, like, I'll use the example that I gave McLean. It's like, charitable here, which is the Canadian rock

Joseph Guzel  17:42:32
band. I love that band.

Liam Gallacher  17:42:35
Yeah. Great band. Famously split. Their masters up equally. Okay, so, like everybody owned a fifth, okay, so Gord Danny wrote most of the music. It's fucking true, yeah, that man, remember, it's true. But what Gord said was, like, yeah, there was definitely some times it was really fucking annoying that, you know, some dude over there that plays the drums, that just plays the drums, you know, owns the fifth of the fucking masters. But what it did was it was, it kept the core group intact, you know, without it, without it causing issues. And so my view of the attribution is, like, it's just going to be a long, arduous process to prove, and I'm not saying that you have the receipts.

Liam Gallacher  17:43:35
They're just not, because it's just going to Fauci rich. In my view, this is how I look at it, like, in my view, you got bigger, embarrassing to worry about, like this tiger rethink. I think that the tiger rethink will get done. I'm not worried about that. That's something that, that's something that I think we'll get done and, and it's a really easy place for you to parachute into, if that's what you

Joseph Guzel  17:44:07
want to do. No, totally, totally, totally, I mean, look, look, let me, let me. I appreciate this, and I know where you're coming from. And here is where, if you can kind of put yourself in my shoes for a minute, and this isn't coming from an emotional place. I'm excited about moving forward. I want what's best for him. The same way I was excited about this being my last job, and I made the conscious decision in excitedly to tie myself to this man for what could have been forever this let's just make sure that we remember brother that I did not want any of this to happen. Nor did I cause it, nor did I ever suggest that I wasn't going to continue forward with Haven as a partnership that was 5050, period full stop. The factual truth is, he, for the better part of eight months, made the decision unilaterally, even before May 5, well documented, right? That that he decided that there wasn't going to be a haven two, ie no Haven, and that he did not want to work together anymore as partners, and that the body of work that is Haven needed to come to an end definitively. Now that was a him decision that he made, not one that we had discussed, and one that he had gone so far as to even before any of this nonsense that's happened that you unfortunately are dealing with, but we're grateful that you are even went so far as to inform fund counsel to absolutely be pencils down and under no circumstances could there be a haven to fund formation. These are all things that that I've been dealing with and living with but have not had the opportunity to address until now, because I had to matriculate us to the end of the initial investment period, which we are definitively at right. So I so when, when I bring up something like the attribution or the memorialization of the May 5 in a respectful manner, I bring it up because I'm not unless I'm going to stop being an asset manager, which isn't going to happen. I have to these decisions need to happen and attribution and these are things that happen when people move on from a thing like we did with crosslink, right? And so I have to move on. Now, whether it's called Haven, it won't be right, but I have to preserve the body of work and a narrative that allows me to leverage that equity that I built here, and he needs to do the same in the right way, so that he can do whatever he needs to do with what he has done and what he what he has earned, but is not necessarily entitled to. And the same for me, and that's exactly what I did at crosslink, and that's exactly what needs to happen now. So if we were going to move forward like we're obviously going to have to keep the appearance of here is Haven, and Haven solid and Haven's like our lowercase one, and, you know, he's Matt mazio, and I'm Chris Sacca, and we are still buddies. We say nothing but good things to extract value from the thing that we built that we own half of each that should get us rich or not. Because why would we want to kill our own success? Right? And I'm going to move on with my life. I'm going to go on vacation. I want a first close on a new fund by the time I get back, because I cannot stop investing. This is what I do. So Tiger Re is literally a continuation of the thesis that I developed for us at haven that we executed against it would have been what I was presenting to you. If there was Haven two on the cover, you're going to hear the same goddamn story. Because that's what I do. That's what I did. That was my plan. That's and I did all of the investments. I have 100% attribution here. Now, am I going to rob him? No, but if he decided that haven to Haven is over, that's something that he decides, I'm trying to respect his decision and and, you know, move us forward, just like I did in good faith for both of us in 2021 so that he can be in a good spot and and do whatever the hell he needs to do to be happy. And me too. And, you know, I have, I have a, you know, my career is not going to stop here. And I'm not taking some, you know, I'm not taking a step back here because of this, this, it doesn't make any sense for me to to marginalize my career, my momentum, because, because it's, it's, I have I built a top decile fund. So did he? He shouldn't do it to himself either. Now, yeah.

Speaker 1  17:49:37
So I think the difference between crosslink and Haven

Liam Gallacher  17:49:46
is that crosslink,

Unknown Speaker  17:49:48
this is my view,

Liam Gallacher  17:49:51
you had a boss. You were running around, doing your own investments, and you had to go and get the Investment Committee. Whoever the Investment Committee was, was Aaron chin and three other guys, or whatever it is, yeah,

Speaker 1  17:50:04
you get approval, yeah. So,

Joseph Guzel  17:50:09
so we do here too. It's the same thing. You

Liam Gallacher  17:50:11
don't have an ELPAC here. So you have, you have an ELPAC for one two. The difference is, is that you have to go get attribution. But let's say, let's say, let's say crosslink fell down. Let's say, let's say the three partners across like, where the fuck they are? Two other guys. Let's say they want to go part way, to do something different. Okay, as much as Eric Shane would love to be, like, I only invest in the good ones, but I invest the other ones. Like, if your name is on the second signature of the Investment Committee, you live and die by the ones that worked and didn't

Joseph Guzel  17:50:49
work. He can't legally market he can't legally market a series B attribution in time I can,

Liam Gallacher  17:50:56
but just hear me out so well, no, they can,

Joseph Guzel  17:51:02
they can. I could, I could, I could sue them, because I got it released. It's IP but I won't, I won't. Obviously, like, that's the it's Hear me out.

Liam Gallacher  17:51:14
So the difference is, is that you and you and McLean are

Speaker 1  17:51:18
the only partners of Haven, right? There's no other people there. It's just you too. So

Liam Gallacher  17:51:25
in my view,

Unknown Speaker  17:51:28
the reason why I brought up the Matt Damon Ben Athletic

Liam Gallacher  17:51:33
Academy Award saying for Goodwill Hunting is because there is a running joke. And I'm not saying that it's true that Ben Affleck did nothing. Of

Joseph Guzel  17:51:43
course, yeah, of course, Ben Affleck did nothing. It's true,

Liam Gallacher  17:51:46
no, but you can just hear me out though he has an Academy Award. And when Matt Damon says Ben Affleck did nothing, everybody's just like, well, this motherfucker is

Joseph Guzel  17:51:54
just one in McLean gets half of the equity. If we make a billion dollars. He gets 500 million. So I it's, he's, I'm not taking, I'm not taking his carry away. Nothing but

Liam Gallacher  17:52:04
Joe, I'm just telling you. I'm telling you, I don't, it's just, it's, in my view, it complicates this process substantially. For one,

Joseph Guzel  17:52:17
I don't, I don't think so. I think it actually so. So well, if he can,

Liam Gallacher  17:52:21
he can Joe, the only company right now that matters, correct?

Joseph Guzel  17:52:27
No, no, that's not true. It's really not true. And if he had done his job as an equal partner, because, remember, he's equal in everything, let's not forget that he's not my subordinate, so the same expectations should be put on him that are put on me right, and which is to perform and to do his job. So like the which he's hindered me from doing right, the there is a lot more very valuable assets that Hamza. Hamza, you have to remember, I did that investment in 2020 now we bought it out in 2022 I was covering 10 port 10 board seats. At one point I rolled off my last cross link board seat last fall while I was still doing this as part of the formal spin out. So that's to say we got a jump on Hamza because it was a few years older than the average inception stage company we invest in, which, on average, my entire career, investing in inception stage and serving on boards the entire time till something happens. It takes about 345, years to hit get to an n of one, ie your first thing works and is a business with a ceiling to it that you you know, and then it's either going to be bigger than that or not. Now, Hamza is a tent pole company, brick brick dynamics. I mean, like looking at the reserves model right here that I sent you. You have literally, let's see, in terms in terms of things that could be as big as Hamza or like like lit. We're talking multiples of net multiples on the fund, okay, elixir, even as small ownership as that is, we had a plan in place to extract, I imagine I could have probably pulled out 5 million of cash on cash returns. That's just nice recycling, which is part of the ICO strategy. But that's neither here nor there. The other one is cast finance, which is still very new. We own a lot of it. It's a very badass team. Big Vision. That thing could end up being 250 posts within the next 12 months, super connector. And by the way, these are all cash flow positive, if they want to be it way and doing multiple seven figures of revenue, single digits. So super connector. We own a lot of it. And that's another thing that I've been working on with this guy since fucking 2020. That's that'll that's $3 million in revenue. Can be cash flow positive tomorrow for employees. So a lot of work still to be done on that one. We've got brick dynamics. Is a beast of a business like I think it could be as big as scale, AI at a minimum, today, and with a team that's elite, and we own a lot of it, and we have a board seat, and I'm a director that one's going to go out. So there's, there's, this is a $44.6 million fund. We own more on a weighted average basis than I'm sure any other fund that looks like us in your portfolio. And we have a lot of active work here to do on the boards of which I have all of those seats in name because I built this portfolio. And so I there's a lot more shit to make money on here, right? Tiger and things like Tiger E, Pico labs, brick dynamics, even every set super connector and tribo, for God's sake, are all in service to a thesis that I've been developing since I was 20 years old, working with Bill Campbell around read, write and cloud penetration in FinServ, we own that distribution. We own the distribution to 100% of So, so, so that's why it builds on itself. These aren't, these aren't like, so I'm not, I'm

Liam Gallacher  17:56:34
not. I'm not taking any of this away from you, okay, but it's just really hard to, it's like,

Joseph Guzel  17:56:39
what is hard about it though, I honestly brother, like, give me the feed, the hard feedback. Then he it's it. He doesn't have to, like, that's the thing. He doesn't have to agree to it.

Liam Gallacher  17:56:51
Does have to agree to it, dude. Because here's the thing, you guys are, like, very close to just, you know, I'm trying to get you guys back to the abyss. Okay, that's fine. What? Just your name, and whether you like it or not, you went into part you into business with

Joseph Guzel  17:57:12
this guy. Yeah, I know. I know. I know. I know.

Liam Gallacher  17:57:14
Okay, so, yeah, and so I don't think that. I don't think

Joseph Guzel  17:57:19
that, and I saw it through I

Liam Gallacher  17:57:22
I don't think that you trying to get the attribution is you trying to get the attribution is, is, is the best thing, is the best thing right now, I think my view is my view. This is how I look at it. Joe, this is what I think. Okay, Jesus Christ. Magpies hate squirrels. Me too. Kind of funny. Actually, they fucking hate squirrels. They're fucking fighting right now in the fucking cup of football. Very nice. So anyways, so my view is, is that you need to get yourself extricated out of this situation. Period fills up. The only way to do this is you do this stupid, long form operating agreement that we're talking about right now. You agree, you agree, you sign. You do the NDA, then the LP comms are extremely important, because you both need to go out and say, Hey, we're all good. Now we're going to go a separate way. This is what I'm going to be doing this McClain is going to be doing okay, because we've made one more investment in Tiger read, and that's it. It's over. We're done. Okay? We're in reserves now and then. And then what you do is you go and you do what you want to do after this, right? Like, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  17:58:31
that's, that's quite literally what I'm trying to do. I it's like, but I have an end game here that is 100% aligned with what you're saying. I've come to terms with because, because, again, he decided. He decided that the show was over. Not me, so, so I'm okay with that. So if the show is over and and what it what are me and my family supposed to do? I'm not. I'm not taking a step back in my career when I don't have to. So if he so, one option, okay, there's multiple ways that this can play out, but it's I'm not going to here's what I'm not going to have happen. Here's what I can't live with. Liam, because I thought long and hard about this. And I know this man. I'm the only person on planet earth that has been working with him this long, across multiple companies, this intimately, and Haven ventures, has never processed payroll or onboarded a full time employee in four years. It's since its inception. This is fact, right. It's just been me and this guy, and once in a while, a couple Filipino vas, all right, so I need to, and this is something I discussed with my wife, you know, like it's, it's, I need to be able to control my authorship and legacy. This is in the absence of Haven continuing, right? I need to be able to control my authorship and legacy. I need to eliminate ambiguity here, with respect to go forward narratives, it was incredibly important with starting haven that we had 100% alignment on attribution and narrative with cross link capital. Otherwise this would not have happened, certainly not now right for any, anybody trying to do something like this. Three, securing long term access to my rights and my carry and stuff from Haven one, and securing his as well, and the value for you and all of the LPS that that trusted us to be good fiduciaries and extract value from the fund that is now complete. Only decisions left to be made are up to two, maybe three, reserve checks and one investment that's net new, that was already in process. And in the end, when recycling comes along, having a framework for which to make good recycling decisions, and in the absence of any of any of those. We can just shut it down and return capital. We're done. We are done. Here I will and I have, you know, the things to manage are not hard. And then four,

Liam Gallacher  18:01:08
you're still going to get paid from you're still going to get a salary.

Joseph Guzel  18:01:12
I'm okay. I'm okay with not getting paid. I'm okay with shutting it down. Just

Liam Gallacher  18:01:17
hear me out. Hear me out. You're no no. Just hear me out. I don't think we should shut down. Okay? I think that you should just, like, keep going, keep getting paid. It's the management fee, or whatever the step down management fee is, and then that gives you the ability to go do something different. Yeah, I want to do

Joseph Guzel  18:01:31
the permanent capital thing. I'm going to do the permanent capital thing, going to buy some insurance companies, and then I want another venture fund to tack on to it, and I want it by the end of the year. So that's what I'm trying to get

Liam Gallacher  18:01:41
to. That's fine, but my, but my view, my view, Joe is, hey, look, I don't disagree on the LP comms. You have to let everybody know what you're doing. And I did, and I and what I said to McLean is, I said, Look, you guys, right. Joe's right. You guys are behind the eight ball because you should have already had a first close on your fun

Joseph Guzel  18:01:56
too. Yeah, it's I'm trying. I'm not gonna, yeah, I'm not gonna stop it. Like, it's like, I have to do it.

Liam Gallacher  18:02:01
That's true, but, but, but at the same time dude, like, Look, I just think that both those weren't both, both the, both the attribution and the memorialization of May 5. It's a hornet's nest. I don't think that either of you need to kick and I think that what you guys need to do is you guys just need to, unfortunately, whether you guys like it or not, you have to just let this be water under the fucking bridge, and you have to move on with your life, because you have better and bigger things to do it

Joseph Guzel  18:02:30
to deal with. Well, how am I supposed to do so? So let's play that out. Liam without, without the attribution those things. Okay? Haven is gone as a go forward brand, it's not formation eight, it's I have to, I have to do my eight VC. Now, what now? The the I am the only person, quite literally, I'm the only human being in asset management who has only done fintech. I've the only person that's seen four cycles who's under 40 years old. This is my fucking thesis. I don't have other theses. This is my life's work here. So it's going to continue forward. I'm going to leverage my basis that I invested at, which is thesis driven here. It can't be Haven so what am I telling you? What? What am I putting on a deck here in the summer that gets you to give me a $10 million commit? And, and, now, and, oh, wait, no, wait now, now, now you're underwriting me as a net new fund, aren't you not, not as a fund too?

Liam Gallacher  18:03:32
No, but, but Joe, look, here's the thing

Joseph Guzel  18:03:38
which he made that decision. He made that decision though I that was not and he made it himself. He made it himself.

Liam Gallacher  18:03:46
I understand. I get. I can completely, 100% empathize with your position. I completely do. Okay, it's super fucking annoying because you've taken three cents for

Joseph Guzel  18:03:59
you. It's very annoying. It's very annoying to have somebody just decide that what your future is going to be without talking to you about it, like he did. Okay, so he didn't, he didn't, he didn't. We didn't sit down and have a nice talk about, like, what he needs and what I need, and what's what my plans and how we could do this. Like, this was not something that happened. He made it very fucking clear that he decided he didn't care what I thought, and that's fine. It's fine. What happened? Happened? I'm not angry, but look, I don't understand why I'm supposed to be making concessions here. I'm the only one that is in a position. I'm the only one that can dictate whether you're going to make money on Haven one he can't, because I have all these board seats in name, and they're the valuable ones, and I'm going to do my job, so I need to do my job.

Liam Gallacher  18:04:46
That's fine. You do your job. But what I'm saying, though, is that at the end of the day, it's just a dumb fucking Hill to die on, because here's the thing, here's the thing, every single investor is going to sit there and say, I don't really give a shit about your attribution. I don't care. That's fine.

Liam Gallacher  18:05:09
He's that. If you want your if you want your email back, if you want this thing to move forward, Joe, I don't need

Joseph Guzel  18:05:16
my email back. I can just move forward with they can give me a different email, like, like, that's what I'm prepared to do, honestly, Joe,

Liam Gallacher  18:05:26
what I see, what I see happening right now is you digging your heels in. Okay, you're digging your heels in. Whatever you can do what you want. You're digging your heels in. And at the end of the day, I don't see my claim. I love

Joseph Guzel  18:05:38
how, but I love how I'm getting viewed as a difficult one when I haven't had access to my business for 20 for 20 fucking days, and why he needs to be white, why he needs to be placated. Here he has almost destroyed.

Liam Gallacher  18:05:52
Need to be placated. He doesn't even play kid at the end, no one's getting placated. Joe, my view is, this is my view, okay? My view is, is that I just don't think that this is something that's worth it. Because here's the thing, everybody's gonna view you guys as a partnership,

Joseph Guzel  18:06:09
yeah, and that's okay, but, but, but I

Liam Gallacher  18:06:12
forward, when you're alone, when you're by yourself, you have every I have no, I don't think that you're gonna have any issues raising money. I don't, right. I told that to McLean. I said, so my view is, with the attribution, what's the point? What do you get from it?

Joseph Guzel  18:06:29
Well, it's the body of work. Is certain some LPs, man, they you like. They just look at it. Look, I have a lot of LPs. Some LPs are like you, where they could care, they could give a fuck. And I'm auditable in other ways and stuff and other LPs. It fucking matters and and look, the thing about

Liam Gallacher  18:06:55
it is, is that you can't, you can't get the cat, you can't put the hat. You can't put the rattle back in the hat and say, Well, I want this to be fun, to just

Joseph Guzel  18:07:02
not, well, look, it wasn't. It wasn't, you know, this whole like, attribution or attribution. There was nothing that where we formally said that we don't have it. There was nothing that formally said that we do have it. And candidly, like, like, she said,

Liam Gallacher  18:07:15
she said, thing though, right? McLean McClain is going to say, you you know. McLean's gonna say, hey, you know you said that. It's you know. Don't worry about it's not attribution. It's not attribution.

Joseph Guzel  18:07:26
You're gonna if it wasn't this one side, if the attribution wasn't this one sided, respectfully, if I would not be, if it wasn't so one sided, he would never even bring it up. You understand, like, like, respectfully, it is so one sided. It that now that I can box with both hands, because I got all the hard work done to make sure that everybody makes money despite all the sabotage, right, that it's only now that I that I can sit and like, have a conversation like this, very soberly and not emotionally, because I had to right where it's, yeah, he's pushing for it. So look like he said something really important on that. Call you right, which is, which is not what he not at all what he said before in oh so many formats, oh, so many ways for almost a year, which is, there is not going to be a haven. Two, there will never be a haven. Two, you're going to have to start all over, and we're not going to work together and fuck you. Basically Okay, instead, he said, instead. Instead, he said, He's okay. He's like, he loves kicking sand castles. This guy, like he said, I just want, I don't want something to continue forward that I'm not going to be a part of in some way that is entirely reasonable, right, entirely, entirely. That might be the only reasonable thing I've heard in a long time. So, so if I can continue forward with Haven two alone, he can still be a part of it, but not a part of it, and maintain his attribution. I think that's one path, because he doesn't want to be here. I want to be here, so we can make that work. But

Liam Gallacher  18:09:13
these are these, are these, are all things that we can negotiate. Yeah, I'm just saying that's fine. I'm just saying that. I'm just saying that with the attribution the May 5 thing, especially so the basis thing that one's done, period, full stop, that one, I think you should just

Joseph Guzel  18:09:26
walk you like his comment. You like his comment before you I don't. I didn't know if you're biting your lip on it, but, you know, I every I have not been able to throw one jab here, and I haven't been trying to, but on the on the last mediation call where he's like, Oh yeah, we can reinstate him,

Liam Gallacher  18:09:44
yeah, but I agree. It's just like, both you guys, unfortunately, both you guys are gonna say dumb shit on calls. Now I'm just sitting here being okay, whatever. That's

Joseph Guzel  18:09:52
great, but only one of us is doing work. Only one of us is doing work, Joe, I'm

Liam Gallacher  18:09:57
taking that away from you. Okay? I just unfortunately, unfortunately, this is how I look at it. Unfortunately you guys are the you guys are you guys. Are you guys are both the investor committee, okay, and, and, you know, unfortunately this is going to be, it's going to be, you know, like you might be able to, I think that there's essentially a path forward, on, on, on the Haven brand going forward, or whatever it is, maybe this platform potentially. But my view is, is that, let's get this thing solved so these guys can start working on things that are

Joseph Guzel  18:10:28
not Haven? Yeah? Which I can, I could. I'm doing literally right now, like Tiger II. Is that because that I'm working on Hamza right now? I'm like, literally working fucking 18 hours a day. Yeah? Well, no, no, they are important. They are important for the next one. They are literally one in the same like, if I can't get Hamza where it needs to be, then I can't build around that distribution. Distribution leads, product right? And then I'm raising a fund the next iteration of Haven, or whatever the hell it's called, is, I'm still on all these fucking boards, and I built these businesses. Liam right, and no founder will take that from me. And so and so, yeah, exactly. And so, yeah. And so, what I'm going to do between now and August is get Tiger re funded, which McClain and I both own, 5% of that, even personally. Okay, we're going to roll up some insurance companies. I have Greg Abel signed on as an advisor for that. Greg Abel, no, that's not so, but

Liam Gallacher  18:11:30
Joe. But Joe, what I'm saying is, is, look, and then I'm gonna raise the benefit. Okay, this is, this, is, this is, this is going to be, I'll tell you this right now. This right now. This will be the hardest thing you do in your life, okay, but it'll be the best thing you do in your life. You can only do that in 10 years, okay?

Joseph Guzel  18:11:49
I've had a hard life. Well, it's way harder life than I have, way harder bunk beds, 110 refugee learning English, changing my first name, I don't know. I've had a pretty hard life,

Liam Gallacher  18:11:59
similar, not exactly, but a similar upbringing to my wife. Okay, not exactly, but similar,

Joseph Guzel  18:12:07
okay, single mom, all the all the things, so,

Liam Gallacher  18:12:12
sure, and so what I'm saying, Joe is, look, you've gone to visit the wrong guy. Okay, it sucks. It really fucking blows. Okay, it's one of the worst things you can do, because it's worse than a divorce, because it's highly charged. You did you get so much work, you know, like, as an LP, I'm unbelievably grateful for what you've done, and unfortunately, I just feel like with this attribution thing, hey, look, if you have LPS that aren't going to do it. So be it. But here's the other thing, too. If you're going to be the only, if you're going to be the only GP of a fund, you get all you get, all you get, all the fucking you get, all the money. I don't see there being I don't see there being any issue raising a 30, a $40 million fund. I don't see that being an issue at all. Hearing it full stop, I'm going to be an issue.

Joseph Guzel  18:12:58
What a shame to go that small. I'm gonna go raise a fucking billion, like, because, because that's because I just, I just fucking increased, I just increased the fucking tam of all the whole goddamn financial market. But anyways, I look I got you I and I love you, but, like, just think about it. Just in, you know, and you know, I'm not saying, you know, I'm not saying I'm not saying I'm trying to take his money away or his carry like, that's not what the attribution is. I

Liam Gallacher  18:13:25
actually think what you're trying to do is worse, really? Why worse? Really? Because what's your essential what you're essentially saying is you're saying that this guy is in a mope and does nothing,

Unknown Speaker  18:13:38
which is true in your

Joseph Guzel  18:13:40
which is, which is not something I ever said about him, right

Liam Gallacher  18:13:43
in publicly, the attribution does this, though I

Joseph Guzel  18:13:47
gave him my attribution from cross link, Liam, I let him market himself as me, even though he wasn't, because it was for the betterment of the firm that we

Liam Gallacher  18:13:56
were building. But you guys were, but you guys were a team. Dude like, right? This is the whole thing. You guys were a team, okay? And now, unfortunately, unfortunately, Yeah, unfortunately, you know, like, you're Michael Jordan, these guys,

Speaker 2  18:14:18
it doesn't matter how much time

Joseph Guzel  18:14:40
you he owns all his masters. He owns his masters. Yeah, he had to get them back. I'm not interested in doing that. So what I'm saying

Liam Gallacher  18:15:21
is that there's nothing to get

Joseph Guzel  18:15:25
back here. I'm trying to own my art, because that is equity, right? Joe, you already

Liam Gallacher  18:15:29
own your art. It's just unfortunate that you did it with another guy,

Joseph Guzel  18:15:35
yeah? But Okay, so that's, that's that's the unfortunate part. But I'm not trying to keep him from raising other funds or anything. I'm just, I'm curious, like, why? Because I'm not trying to be a douche bag here, like, right

Liam Gallacher  18:15:49
now, first of all, first of all, the distribution thing that takes a fucking long time. Because what we're going to do is get everybody

Joseph Guzel  18:15:55
fucking evident. It took me a year. It took me a year before, and there's a very clean test to do it, and I'm not going to do that to him or to me. I'm not interested in

Liam Gallacher  18:16:06
then, why'd you bring it up on the call?

Joseph Guzel  18:16:08
Well, because he sure brings it up a lot, doesn't he? He's brought it up a lot. He never brings it up. Yes, he's brought it up a lot. In writing a lot. It's very important that he gets attribution, isn't it?

Liam Gallacher  18:16:22
Well, Joe, here's the thing, here's the difference. Okay? And I told McClain this, okay? I said this to McLean. I said, McLean, you have a way to talk to Lenny than Joe. You're pretty easy person to give you money.

Joseph Guzel  18:16:36
Yeah, on my body of work, right?

Liam Gallacher  18:16:39
No, not on your body work, because he's fucking

Joseph Guzel  18:16:42
Lucy's brother. That's what I mean. So, so McClain. McClain, McClain decided that he was going to that he wanted to kick the sandcastle that I helped him build, because I taught him how to build a sandcastle. Here he was my fucking associate. Okay, he was and so and so. No, but listen, but listen, I yeah, I have every right to dig my heels in here. There's no way that I'm going to let him after what he's done here. Okay, I'm okay with, you know, potentially not doing, not memorializing, May 5 in a way that that is fucking factual, and taking that extra bit of defamation and degradation to my career and my fucking reputation, remember what Warren Buffet says. It's okay. You can lose some money and I forgive somebody for that. Fuck with the reputation, and I'll come after you. And that's what he did. Okay? So, because at the end of the day, yeah, it wasn't my attribution across link that convinced you and your family to underwrite me to a check. It was my goddamn reputation, and he fucked that up for nothing, for literally nothing. So I have to save face to repair my reputation for my future here, and I'm so good that I'm going to set him up for success as well. But what I'm not going to have happen is for him to control a narrative, because he's proven that he is too careless with people's reputations to be trusted to do that without some concessions and some guardrails. So it's for his own good and for mine. Yeah, we can talk, yeah, oh yeah, I'm sorry you're late. Yeah, it's, it's, and again, I'm not pissed, and I love you and thank you.

Unknown Speaker  18:18:42
I'll see you. Okay.
