Liam Gallacher  15:52:06
Just living here, and, yeah, dude, it's good. It's nice here when I'm walking my dog today, and

McLain Southworth  15:52:13
it's got to be beautiful in the summer there, right? Oh, dude, it's

Liam Gallacher  15:52:16
amazing. It's nice. You're the winter too, right? Like, you just gotta like, what I've always said about the winter in Calgary is that you just got to embrace doing the winter stuff. Because if you just are like, Oh, I don't like the winter, well, then you're gonna have a miserable six months.

McLain Southworth  15:52:29
Because, right people, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  15:52:31
yeah. It's like one thing. It's like, you gotta go snowshoeing and hiking and do all that shit. If you don't do that stuff, then it's, it's not that much fun. Just stay inside your house all day. A lot of mountains. Oh, dude, we're like 45 inch mountains. Okay, so you know, because you basically, guys are like, Montana, but just like, slightly north, or Wyoming, just slightly north, right? Yeah? Like, we're like, right at the base. We're like, right at the edge of the Rocky Mountains, yeah. So, like, we're 45 minutes with Rockies, which is awesome. So, Joe,

Joseph Guzel  15:52:59
Hey guys, how you doing? Good? Um, okay, so sorry,

Liam Gallacher  15:53:06
I'm late. It's all good. So let's try and build on the mentor of last of last week's call. So I sent the operating protocol like, look like it's, you know, I just wanted to get the ball rolling. I think one of the, one of the hardest things to do is draft. Once you draft something, it's easier, like, edit it and say, I don't like this. Or, you know what, like, I like that. And really, what I wanted to do with that agreement was, I think it should just be a collaboration thing. Like, you know, we can all send it to everybody's lawyer and, you know, everybody can eat it up and all that kind of shit. But, like, I think, at the end of the day, I think that I just wanted to get you guys something so you guys can get the ball rolling and kind of move move forward. I'm trying to figure out, like, where we want, like, what do you guys want to solve today? Like, how, where do we want to go from here? Right? Like, I kind of, I kind of drove the process last time, and I would say that as these calls keep going, I want to, slowly but surely, like, relinquish more. Like, you know, eventually I don't want to be on these phone calls, because you guys can figure it out. But where do you guys want to go? What do you guys where do you guys want to pick

McLain Southworth  15:54:21
up from last time? Well, I mean, I think, kind of just, I think it was a good first step. I don't kind of just my suggested red lines. That's kind of what I was thinking. Is just kind of really using that as a baseline and see if we can move forward right? Sure, I'm not trying to be, like, very one sided on it, you know? I assume that it's kind of a collaborative approach. So that's why I did, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  15:54:49
yeah, that's totally fair. So I got it up here, just let me open it up and yeah, I

McLain Southworth  15:54:59
tried to put it as much into the framework that you created. Yeah, I

Liam Gallacher  15:55:02
agree, yeah, that's fine. Like, that's fine. Number two, I don't see there being a big issue with but, like, it's, yeah, that's, that's fine, like, someone's, because the thing too, right? Like, the way I look at it is, you guys have a GP operating agreement, right? So, like, all we're trying to do here is we're just trying to, you know, instead of it being some in some tomb of a fucking legal document, we're just trying to kind of strip that out and kind of work through it right now, kind of refresh everybody's memory, sign something that we all agreed to, and then that way we at least remember. We at least have a, you know, at the forefront of our mind, what, you know, what we're what we're trying to do here, right? You know, like, as I said, like, I'm just looking at think, oh, it's been, yeah, I have no issue with an expense policy. Okay, let me see,

Liam Gallacher  15:56:02
yeah, like, we agreed to this, like, on the material decisions, including, but not limited to new hires, employment officers and capital deployments are mutually agreed upon units no employment. I don't know if we need that. No employment may be promised or extended. No or no investment shall be made without the Express rent consent both managers redundant redundant cattle may only be allowed, allocated to reserves and follow on investments. Okay, so why don't we? Why don't we talk about, I gotta, I gotta go. We can talk. But why don't we talk about this, this in house, this the last investment that maybe Joe was working on. Oh, Joe, what was that thing that you were doing with? What was that insurance company thing or something like that? I can't remember. I remember briefly hearing about it a long time ago, yeah, three or four months ago, we've

Joseph Guzel  15:57:00
all been working on it called they're calling it, he's calling it now. Tigeree is the code name Jay Tiger Reed. It's not really a code name anymore. His name's Jason K. He likes to call things Tiger.

Liam Gallacher  15:57:15
Okay, that's Jason tiger with his dad.

Joseph Guzel  15:57:19
Yeah, his dad is, uh, is Peter Tiger. He was one of the main dudes at Berkshire, okay, and working alongside Greg a bowl, running the Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  15:57:31
okay, so retail, so let's, let's talk about this one. Because outside of this, this tiger reef thing, McLean, we want this is a collaborative process right outside of this one, I haven't heard of any other net new investments you guys were thinking of making outside of, outside of orgy and Apple development, right? Those ones you guys funded in. Those are already done. Yeah, those are done. Those happen the first quarter of this year, correct? Okay, so this is the only last one that I I could that maybe was being talked about while before or maybe during this disagreement between you two guys started, is that correct? Could that be a fair statement?

McLain Southworth  15:58:14
Yes, I think the context, there's probably a little bit of disagreement on the context, but sure, on the basis of whether it was an EIR that we're bringing in versus kind of an incubation that we're actually going to fund, I think was the details that we kind of on, but we don't have to harp on that. But, yeah, I would say that that's, that's kind of the only deal that is got a question mark next to it right now,

Liam Gallacher  15:58:44
sure. And so and how much is it like? How much are we talking

McLain Southworth  15:58:47
about? Okay, okay, so we're talking

Liam Gallacher  15:58:49
about 500k okay.

Joseph Guzel  15:58:51
Preliminarily, it's because it's going to require acquisitions. It'll be akin to like a cast finance and so that's something that we're going to have to figure out as, yeah, we're still not at the point where I got it to with cast, which was it? Jenny took about this. It took, it'll probably take the same time funding to it'll, it'll be a faster consummation of an asset or stock purchase of an acquisition than that one. It's, it'll, because insurance brokers or mgas are not as asset heavy,

Liam Gallacher  15:59:28
okay, and so, like, look,

Joseph Guzel  15:59:31
it's sorry, that's what I mean. And so I don't even know what they cost yet, anything. So McLean,

Liam Gallacher  15:59:37
like, how do you feel about this? Like, how do you feel about this investment? Like, obviously, I understand that. You know what you guys have going on, is, really, is, is, is is obviously paramount, and you guys want to make sure that you know, like that you guys can get along and do all this shit.

McLain Southworth  15:59:55
So the way I feel about this is, I think it's, first of all, it's a little bit too early to tell right? And I think rather than committing to invest in it, I kind of want to see how it plays out.

Liam Gallacher  16:00:07
Okay, that's true.

McLain Southworth  16:00:09
Secondly, you know, kind of one of my biggest pushbacks on on making any net new investments, as I mentioned, is there's at least two LPS that wanted us, well, three that wanted us to, like, operationally, be in sync before we make any net new investments. That said, if we kind of come to an agreement here where we're actually moving forward, right, and we've got some sort of operating protocol in place, like I'm sure, that qualifies as being operationally in sync, and then it just becomes so I'd be okay with potentially still leaving it on the table without necessarily committing capital, but seeing how it develops, and then, and then deciding,

Liam Gallacher  16:00:51
okay, and so, like, what we could, like, what we could all kind of say, agree upon, is that, hey, you know, like, let's kind of keep pushing the ball forward on it, obviously, but you know, let's, let's also Make sure that, you know, we can all agree on how we're going to operate going forward. And then once we agree on that, it should be a pretty simple like, go, no go decision when it comes to Tiger readers that make, does that make sense? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:01:17
okay, yeah, operating under just the same I've been doing the same work that was planned and needed to get done and was agreed upon, or and or in process since May 5. So the only thing that's changed for me is just it's harder to do my job, okay, but there's nothing that has been done, made, consummated, decided on or in process that is any different than the last four years, and certainly not the last 20 days, other than I'm sending things from a different email address

Liam Gallacher  16:01:57
that's fair. Okay, okay, so let's not then, okay, so then what we'll do then let's, let's kind of let's, let's, let's move that over. Okay, so Joe, did you look at did you look at the OP? Did you look at the thing that I said, Yeah, I did. Thank you. Did you look at what McLean's Red Line says, yeah, and thanks

Joseph Guzel  16:02:18
McLean for for sending that around quickly. I know we're all trying,

Liam Gallacher  16:02:21
so I think, I think that what is paramount, obviously, is getting this operational in sync stuff done. So there's two things I see here McLean, right? I mean, I get the operational in sync stuff. And there's another thing that I think really matters too, which is conveying to the investment community that all this shit behind you. I think that what is paramount is, obviously, you know, you two, you two have to figure out internally, how you guys are going to do this. Okay, we're gonna, we're gonna do this. We're gonna get this agreement done. The NDA is pretty fucking standard, like that. One doesn't need a lot of a lot of work. It's just like,

McLain Southworth  16:03:02
look at the NDA. Yeah, all

Liam Gallacher  16:03:04
NDAs are fucking boilerplate anyways. But what my view is is that you got to get the operational thing done. So we can do that on this call today, or at least try to, you know, push some things forward. But secondly, what you guys got to do as a team, I don't think this is something that you do individually. I think it's something you do as a team. You have to go around to the market and let everybody know that, hey, yeah, we had a little bit of a problem. It's fixed. And going forward, like we're stronger than we were before, just so that you can relate to the market, that there's no bullshit going on. I think, I think it's, I think it's imperative to let you know any your portfolio companies, LPs, any either coal investors or whatnot, know that you guys are operationally sound and and, you know, we're, we're, you know, we've solved all of our issues. And do that kind of, you know, on a name by name basis, just so that there's no, just so that no one knows there's any blood in the water. Because the last thing you want to have happen, you know, you know, you guys know this is as well as I do, these fucking VCs or sharks. They want to fuck people over how much, however they, however they can, and when they, when they when they smell blood, they come quickly. So I think it's just, I think it's paramount, once we get this operational thing kind of figured out, that you guys, you know, commit to going around and talking to LPS that you've talked to already, like you don't need to go talk to anybody that you haven't talked to, but talk to LPs, talk to portfolio companies and and talk to you know, different investors that you've been working with, just to say, Hey, you look, I don't want to comment. What would happen, but, but what we can what I can tell you, is that we're all good. And there's there's nothing, that there's nothing, there's not, there's no issues going forward. Yeah, yeah, no, I agree. I think that's fair, yeah. Okay, so I might say we go through this document, yeah?

Joseph Guzel  16:04:56
And maybe I can kind of help us be a bit efficient with our time, because you guys did the generous thing, William of you drafting the initial you don't have to, you don't have to be here. You don't have to be doing this. And so, like, you really appreciate it. Hey,

Liam Gallacher  16:05:10
man, guys, look, here's the thing, man. Like, as I said, I'll be here to everybody calls. It takes for me not to be on phone calls, right? And the minute I don't have to talk anymore, I'll know that I can, I can leave. You know that that's my goal here. My goal is to my goal is to become redundant. I want to be redundant. I want to I want to essentially not be needed, and I believe that that's going to happen very soon. But let's, let's, let's kind of move forward with this, with this document. Thanks for redlining too. It takes. Thanks for taking the first swipe. Thanks for

Joseph Guzel  16:05:44
doing that, and thanks for doing it so quickly. Yeah, so I think what I can do, because I think this whole, the whole process is going to take a little bit longer here, but I think we're all kind of, I think we're pretty much aligned that we're all trying to wrap it up quick. I mean, I'm going on vacation in a couple of weeks, McLean's, having a kid in a couple of weeks. You don't have to be here. You probably want to be doing something else. So I like you guys. This is fun. It's nice to hang out with you. It's nice to see you. Honestly, it's

Liam Gallacher  16:06:12
nice to see you guys face, you know, it's nice. It's nice to it's nice to take it's nice to

Joseph Guzel  16:06:16
spend time with you guys. Well, next time, hopefully it's at the stampede or something. But, yeah, stampede

Liam Gallacher  16:06:20
be great. Be good. You guys can get a cowboy hat on. You know? I know, I know McLean would look good with a cowboy hat

McLain Southworth  16:06:26
on. Hey, I've got, you know, I own rodeo bulls. I own, I'm a partial owner, and three rodeo goals on the circuit. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:06:37
basically like that rodeo bull Scout,

Liam Gallacher  16:06:40
because I there's a guy that I know. His name is Cody Snyder, and he started this thing called bull busted, which is like a competitor to to PBR. He's done very well for himself, but dude, it's like, by the way, the funniest thing about PBR, every one of those bull riders wives is an absolute smoke show, like there's not one ugly bull rider wife. Every single writer has the hottest wives ever, and other

McLain Southworth  16:07:04
half of them are Brazilian, too. Bull riders and their wives. I want to see to

Joseph Guzel  16:07:12
there's a, yeah, the I like the stampede. I've been before. Stampede is great. Stampede so good. The Yeah, your your office looks nice. McLean, that shelf.

McLain Southworth  16:07:25
That's a, it's a Murphy bed. Oh, that's so this is now the guest bedroom.

Joseph Guzel  16:07:31
Okay. It looks like, really kids. It looks good.

Liam Gallacher  16:07:36
Well, well, the best part for you McLean is you can just probably move some shit around and have a nap if you want. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  16:07:41
there's been days I've contemplated on it, but it feels, it feels complete, and got some shelving, and it's actually really fucking comfortable.

Joseph Guzel  16:07:51
Canadian made despite popular belief. There's very little hiding in McLean's home. It's quite full. But okay, so, so maybe what we could do is kind of like run through the I can run through, like, the four or five kind of key items, or like reactions, like, like, just four to five, like reactions and stuff. To the comments again. Thanks McLain for turning that stuff around so quick. I know we're all just trying to get operational here and move on. So like putting some thought into this, if we're going to get to a resolution, whatever that looks like, we need my sense and is that we need really clear rules of engagement. You've done a great job, Liam with like setting this up and giving us a chess board to play with here. So I'm coming at it with the same goal here, which is, this dispute should never come up again, and you should never have to do this ever again, ever nor should anybody else, nor should we. So in the spirit of that, like a few reactions, are that one, whatever we align on in this dock it should then be a binding amendment or resolution, or whatever the process is with respect to the long form operating agreement or amendment to the LPA, something like that, whatever that, whatever that formal process needs to do, I think, is is both in the best interest of the fund and in the best interest of both of us, respectively, so that we don't we don't find ourselves in the situation again in the near, mid or long term. And candidly, like speaking freely, it's something that McLean and I had at least intended on doing, like when we were doing the fun formation. But just to kind of take you back, we had a long fundraise process. We had a, you know, a year from from Jan of 21 to December 31 to 21 it was the spin out process with cross link formally, and that was not easy. And then it was two years of fundraising and black swan events. So I think it was somewhere along the line, we're just like, we're good. And, you know, two years of operating effectively, even without a consummated fund, and we were doing fine because we were working together since 2017 and in some capacity. So that, that, for me, is, is, one thing that I think is very important.

Liam Gallacher  16:10:31
You okay with that, McLean,

Joseph Guzel  16:10:34
anything on this, I can just kind of run through these.

Liam Gallacher  16:10:36
Well, no, but Joe, like, let's just, let's just hit them off. Because I think that, I think there's no, there's no point in like, you saying a bunch of stuff, and then we have to go back and be like, okay, so which ones to like. Let's just you bring up the first point, and then we can discuss it, rather than we have to write everything down and then go forwards. Okay, so he's good with that one. Take a next point, right?

Joseph Guzel  16:10:58
So in that spirit, and again, reacting to the red lines and the and the basis of the doc that Liam had, plus the red lines. The second thing would be the whole may 5 series of events needs to be memorialized and documented properly in in accordance with in part of point one that I made. What do you mean?

Liam Gallacher  16:11:29
Well, Joe, how, just along my way, I think I know he wants to, yeah, Joe, how are we going to agree on, on a, on, like, a, on, like, a dirty laundry list of what everybody on, he said, she said, what everybody

Joseph Guzel  16:11:41
did? Yeah, to be, to be crystal clear, I'm not sitting here trying to pull apologies out of anybody. Know what I expect out of

Liam Gallacher  16:11:47
me. That's, that's not what I'm expecting you, what I'm saying is, all I'm saying, Joe is, is that when I, when I think about it, right? Like to document all of it, yeah, like, it's, it's, it's really, like, in my opinion, McLean's gonna give me his rendition of what's happened. You're going to give me what your rendition of what's happened. They're going to, most likely be somewhat incongruent. We're going to bring back all the bad blood, back up to the floor. It's like, it's like getting divorced, and then both you and your wife having to essentially just do to explain

Joseph Guzel  16:12:23
what you did. Totally understand. It's not necessarily what I'm suggesting. Okay, so good. Okay, so keep going. I apologize. So it's what I'm what I'm suggesting is what. Because what's important here is memorialization under a, you know, mutually signed legal thing that is auditable. Because, because if we just kind of chill out here for a second. I mean, what we're really doing here is getting divorced, right? So it's, you know, well, you're not getting

Liam Gallacher  16:12:54
divorced because haven't gonna continue to exist up and Haven one's gonna continue to exist, right? Like it's gonna exist until, yeah, hey, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  16:13:05
Work is, is is going

Liam Gallacher  16:13:10
to exist until 2034 Sure. Yeah, like, but like you guys, you guys close your fund when in 22 is that correct? 2122 first. Yeah, we're 23 better. It's gonna be until 2020 2035 I'm going to be almost fucking 50 by the time that haven one is even one is finally, potentially the

Joseph Guzel  16:13:32
body, the body of work, in terms of, I've sent you guys just screenshots of, I'm updating the reserves model, but that's, that's pretty that's pretty much act. That's pretty much it. I mean, that's all she wrote. Like, we don't really, we can talk about this in a sec, but like, after the last call, it dawned on me I was, like, a good level setting on, like, the portfolio. And really, what we can even do, like, what? Because there aren't really that many decisions to make, but we can get to that the what I'm so so back to that is just just a formal documentation of the May 5 removal and the procedures that are auditable, so that in the in the event that him or I, or or whatever, are asking questions sometime in the future, we can just point them to something and they can make their own, you know, judgment, that's it. And when you say

McLain Southworth  16:14:29
documented, I mean, so is that you and I coming together and defining exactly what happened,

Joseph Guzel  16:14:34
I think I it would need to be in so, so, given that we're going to need a an amendment, right, there'll be, like a more legal ease thing that comes along with this, like with a short form to long form operating agreement, like with a term sheet to an SBA, right? And we already have our SBA, so we just be amending the SBA. So that's kind of up to Latham. And I think putting this maybe into

Liam Gallacher  16:15:03
an Do you guys have a GP operating agreement. We do. We have the GP. Yeah, pardon me, sir, was it? Joe? Yeah, we have, we

Joseph Guzel  16:15:12
have a GP operating great. The thing that that we don't have, which is, is kind of the reason why long form, long form management, like operating agreement, we didn't establish an ELPAC and all this stuff, which

Liam Gallacher  16:15:28
I think is, I think, you

Joseph Guzel  16:15:30
know, but it's okay at this point, we don't need those little things. We just have to focus on our lives going forward, right? Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  16:15:37
I agree. And so I'm, I'm like, I haven't read your GP operating agreement. I don't want to read your GP operating agreement, but I highly doubt, I highly doubt that that anything that I'm saying in this operating protocol framework is,

Joseph Guzel  16:15:52
no, it's not, it's like, it's not crazy. No, there's really nothing. And I have there's not, there's the only

Liam Gallacher  16:15:58
thing I'm trying to figure out, Joe is, is, what are you like? What are we gaining by memorializing the make that stuff like, what are we gaining? Like, it's

Joseph Guzel  16:16:07
not, what is this? This? It's not an emotional decision, but also it's just candidly, it's just something that I'm going to

Liam Gallacher  16:16:17
need, but okay, but this is what apology, but

Joseph Guzel  16:16:21
it's just something I'm going to need set of protocols, like, so so that we actually can hold

Liam Gallacher  16:16:28
our right, but if we're, but if we're but if we're agreeing to an operating

Joseph Guzel  16:16:32
protocol, right? Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  16:16:34
then there should be no way that McLean or you could do what you guys have been doing to each other, period, full stop, going forward, correct, like you could, but then there's got to be like, there should be a mechanism, like, there should be a mechanism that if, like, someone starts going rogue. I'm

Joseph Guzel  16:16:49
not even talking about, like, that kind of governance. I'm simply just talking about because, because we're, we're putting what we're doing here is we're in the we're the initial investment period is mathematically and practically and literally over. So there are several decisions to make, some near term, some later that, okay, let's and then, in the essence of recycling, there are no other decisions. Let's

Liam Gallacher  16:17:20
table this memorialization, and let's keep going. I don't want to talk Yes, right now, yeah, let's keep going.

Joseph Guzel  16:17:24
Yeah, yeah, that's okay. And that one was not meant to be contentious. None of these are meant to be contentious. These are contentious,

Liam Gallacher  16:17:30
Joe. But all I'm saying is, let's just keep moving forward, because we can get stuck there and spend fucking two hours talking about so let's keep going. What's

Joseph Guzel  16:17:38
your other one? I guess the third is, and I know the intent. I assume the intention here was like, get alignment on this to get my email access back?

Liam Gallacher  16:17:51
Well, there's, there's three things, there's, there's three or four things, there's, get your email access back for one, create some offering protocols, make so that no one can just unilaterally remove somebody from like that three, figure out this tiger rethink, because it's, it's a, it's an incubation that's kind of ongoing. So you want to make sure that you either, you can either tell Jason Tiger and those guys, hey, we're not in, or, or you can say we're in, yeah, and then and then four, it allows you guys to kind of go and, like, let the investment community know that there's no issues at even, BC, anyone, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:18:29
which, that's one of the points here. So on the on the email thing, because I it's like, this is just going to take longer to solidify, and it's okay, right? It's better that it's done, right? And the the investment community or, like, like, you know, the LPS is one thing, but like, everybody's pretty like, used, unfortunately, used to this by now. I'm ashamed to say it, but what's, you know, if it takes an extra four days to do this, right? I think it's okay. It's okay with that said, I'm not asking to get my email back, but if we could find some way to maybe just forward me the last, the last kind of three weeks, it's been, like 20 days I've

McLain Southworth  16:19:17
actually, I'm totally fine doing that. I didn't because I messaged you because I wanted you to know that I wasn't like reading your

Joseph Guzel  16:19:24
emails. Yeah, I believe you're not and

McLain Southworth  16:19:27
so and so, had you asked me, I would have totally done I didn't want to be in there, like, forwarding you stuff, because I didn't want to make it look like I was monitoring. Oh, no, that's fair.

Joseph Guzel  16:19:38
Yeah, that's fair. I mean, look, I know you have Mary or there is Jason Tiger, this EIR, who's one of my wife's best friends. He has, he has a haven.bc email if you want to use him as a third party and monitor him or something, to which I have not asked him to do. This to my just because we have multiple active financings going on and a lot of people, the work didn't stop here, like, literally, so it's just made it all more. So

Liam Gallacher  16:20:11
the ask, the ASK JOE is you just wanted to pour your emails? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:20:16
because I think, I think, reinstate, like, like, I'm not going to say reinstated, because it's, it's more, just whatever the heck that is in the absence of getting all this right, it feels like it's

Liam Gallacher  16:20:32
no, it's a fair, no, it's a fair, no, and I think that that's a fair, but I

Joseph Guzel  16:20:37
can't jeopardize the portfolio like it is already No, that's fair. McLean,

Liam Gallacher  16:20:40
you okay with that? I might

McLain Southworth  16:20:43
even be able to do an auto for I have to, I have to figure it out

Joseph Guzel  16:20:48
since, yeah, it's been, I don't know it's been like, it's been like, literally, 20 days I have not had my email, and we've had the

Liam Gallacher  16:20:53
that's, hey, I don't think that is unreasonable. That's fair. Yeah, okay. What's the next

Joseph Guzel  16:21:00
one, Joe, the the other one is, I'll follow

Liam Gallacher  16:21:03
up with and I'll follow up with you guys tomorrow, just to make sure that that's in process. Yeah, okay, what's the next What's the next one? Joe, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:21:15
the next one is so again, this is like all in the spirit of these reactions, and in the spirit of the way that that for all of us to move forward with this post divorce, which is the LP comms, which you kind of, which you touched on a couple of times, Liam, so I think we're kind of in sync what that, that kind of looks like. That's really like a couple things, right? Because, given the divorce, you still got to tell your you know, you get divorced, you could fight, but you still got to tell you each tell your kids that your mom is great and your dad is great still, and that you and that you love them and you rely on those things like the children. It's the near term, not only LP, but like stakeholder, you know, the founders and and and syndicate partners, board partners, prospective investors that you know may or may no longer be perspective, who've all been, you know, implicated, or that's a strong word, I guess, like you know, they've all found themselves in the pretty

Liam Gallacher  16:22:27
simple thing. You guys both talk to people. It's pretty fucking simple because I'm not the only person you guys probably talk to. No like it'd be, it'd be, it'd be shocking if I was the only person you guys. So everybody talked, yeah, I think that, Joe, I think that we're all in agreement that you'll have to do that, you guys. You guys got to find an operating group, you guys. We have to agree on an operating framework first. Operating framework first. But I think that you don't want

Joseph Guzel  16:22:51
to put the cart before the horse, right. So, right, yeah, but what, the what and the how, I think to try something that might actually work, right? Because, because I think, I think the more things that you leave in our hands with these details to collaborate on. It's, it's, it's just at this stage, it's kind of tough. So like that, that near term communication, but then the go, the post divorce communication here, where? And I think, I think the way I didn't, I

McLain Southworth  16:23:22
didn't actually really cover it in this just because I kind of assumed it was in the mutual NDA, yeah, I think, I think you will define it here. We could do that as

Joseph Guzel  16:23:31
well. Yeah, I think we don't have to define it right now, but I think, I think the how McLean is is important just to make sure that neither of us lose our shit and that we it's best for both of us and Liam, if you'll sign up for more work for free. I think, I think a good way to do this might, maybe we send you suggestions. You given that you're the consummate LP, you know, and you're our audience, current, future, past, present, all of it in just a different form. You suggest something for the near term communication and the talking points of, like, what we're going to say tomorrow, kind of thing, and then in a year from in or two months from now, or six years, yeah. Okay, so there's and we can each, we just treat like an independent board vote, right? So then we each, yeah, and just, we keep, keep it pretty simple here, which is just not,

Liam Gallacher  16:24:33
I think that there's, there's three things, right? Yeah, there's, like, the near term communications, which is, hey, we had some issues. They're all good now. We dealt with it. It's business as usual, Joe has his email back. You're like, you know, whatever, or do

Joseph Guzel  16:24:52
we that in the, in the way, like, what? That's something we can figure out,

McLain Southworth  16:24:55
right? But I'm happy to craft whatever, whatever you want to craft. I even, I mean, it's solely up to you. We can even say, I

Liam Gallacher  16:25:03
don't, and I don't think of her issues, whatever I'm happy to create, like, something that's, don't, don't, don't lie. Like, I think, I don't think that it needs to be in a document. I think it needs to just be like a phone call. Like, I don't think, I don't think this is like a legal document. Even DC being like, we had two issues. We're all good now, signed Joe, Joe, Joe Guzel. And I think, I think that, I think that

Joseph Guzel  16:25:28
I mean, making it, it's making it's making, you know, like terms like collaboration and disparagement, or this or that, are all, you know, very good ideas. But I'm just trying to make them into, like adverbs, so to just, like, literally, for the benefit of both of us. Because, like, he's gonna go on and do his own thing. I'm gonna go on and do my own thing, yeah? And I think he wants what's best for me. Like, yeah, I think

Liam Gallacher  16:25:56
that that's something you guys do in like, six months. I think what you guys do is you get you just hear me out Just hear me out on this. Hear me out on this. I don't think that you want to, I think that you want to piecemeal this, that you want to piecemeal it. I think what you want to do is you want to give this is my opinion. I could be wrong. I'm not saying that I'm the arbiter of

Joseph Guzel  16:26:16
everything, sure, but I mean, it's, it's, again, the reality of the fund is we should have had a first close on Haven two already. We're not investing anymore, like, fair enough so that the market moves forward. And I think again, this is a divorce that we're talking about, so I'm going to move forward, he's going to move forward. And so, yeah, it's really an immediate term thing. And so what do you guys want to do? Well, so I think the how is important, like, so if you're cool with it, brother, if you can just take our respective inputs on that and then just just present to something, make it really fucking easy for you. McLean, feel free

Liam Gallacher  16:27:03
to chime in. We

Joseph Guzel  16:27:05
decided it's a double trigger, right? So we both, yeah, fair enough,

Liam Gallacher  16:27:08
you sent me so, so how's this going to look? So you're going to tell me what you want to say to the LPS for you, and then McLean's, and then McLean's gonna tell me it's really, it's really

Joseph Guzel  16:27:19
not that complicated, like we could just, it's just to simplify it, like we have. We need just a general narrative. So if there is anything that we don't already know that McLean, you want to inform Liam that you care about for your whatever you understand, for whatever I got brewing. And then, with the air of, we have to do our fiduciary duty to the fund and to the other LPs like Liam in we have to maintain the strength of the fund. So that's, that's, that's an obvious thing. It cannot. We cannot continue to to erode our work. I

Liam Gallacher  16:27:53
get it value. I get it essentially. What you want to do is you want to, there's three things you want. You want to let all the lps know that all the bullshit behind you guys let you let everybody know that you're obviously not going to do a second fund and let everybody know, hey, this is where we're thinking that we're going to probably end up going forward. This is what, this is what we're planning on doing kind of thing, like, because there's no second fund, is that? Is that, is that, that kind of the gist of it,

Joseph Guzel  16:28:21
or second fund as partners? I mean, like, if yes for him, he's, you know, he has a body of work here. I have a body of work. We have a body of work. Yeah? So it's, you know, it's, it's not Def Jam. What was that analogy that you said that one to the Dr Dre, it's, oh, yeah, death row, death row, aftermath, Interscope, right? It's all, you know, he's McLean. I'm Joe, Dr Dre is dr dre doesn't mean that he didn't do still Dre, right? We're

McLain Southworth  16:28:55
just still talking about communication policy, how we explain to people what's happening next.

Joseph Guzel  16:29:01
Yeah, and I'm, I'm just, I'm familiar with this because I had to go through the nitty gritty more so McLean than I realized that you were probably involved with some of these, with the spin out that from crosslink, which is we had to, we had to really agree on a narrative. They had to send it to the ELPAC. The ELPAC had to vote on it like we it's, it's, you know, and that's what allowed us to move forward with our lives, right? So this is really the same thing, in the spirit of the same thing.

McLain Southworth  16:29:28
Yeah, so if it's if it's if it's creating a narrative, and then, I mean, if Liam wants to, I'll write it.

Liam Gallacher  16:29:35
I'll write it. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:29:37
you're right that we both have a trigger to agree on it. So we both have to agree on what that narrative is a clean and I Yeah, because

Liam Gallacher  16:29:49
the yeah like you guys, you guys will, you guys will send me your little blurbs. I'll all like, all, all intermingle, all I will, I will do my best to draft it in a way that is neutral. And then

Joseph Guzel  16:30:04
I would urge you to just like, if you pretend like you didn't know us and I was pitching you for something, or he was pitching you for something, or a part of a team that's pitching for something, how would you view this story and what would you want to hear? Yeah, I understand, and that's and that's but it has to align with the strength of any narrative. Has to it be in good faith, and particularly, first and foremost for Haven one and to realize the value there. Okay? Because that just doesn't go away tomorrow, like you said, which is true, right? It doesn't okay. So filed their s1 last week. So

Liam Gallacher  16:30:42
let's just go over this really quickly, so you agree that you want to make this operating protocol kind of an amendment to GP operating agreement.

McLain Southworth  16:30:53
I just actually have one thing on that kind of as I thought more about it, sure, sure. I think the problem with this being memorialized in a GP operating agreement is, I think we have to get signatures right from the LPS. But if it's not, if it's

Liam Gallacher  16:31:11
not, if it's GP, not if it's GPA, but if it's an LPA, if you're amending the LPA, for sure you do. Yeah, you're probably right. Like the the operating agreement is just that is a that is a that is between you and that's between you and Joe, we have nothing to do

Joseph Guzel  16:31:27
with, yeah, there's a, it's, it's McLean. I imagine it would be, yeah, it would be GP, right? So yeah, also, as we don't

McLain Southworth  16:31:35
want to make any sort of adjustment to the LPA, just the GP.

Liam Gallacher  16:31:39
No, no, no, do not. Do not make any LPA like we dealt with this with Neuberger Berman. They had to change the LPA. I had to get on the fucking phone with all their lawyers and, oh yeah, all their shit. See, that's and it like, literally, was like, they were like, hey, we want to make this investment in, like, a coal company. And I'm like, Okay, I don't fucking care. Like, like, make the fucking investment. You don't need to fucking get me on the phone for this game. That's fine. Secondly, we're table the memorialization of May 5 stuff. Table that, for now, we're gonna forward Joe's emails, and then this comms thing, you guys are gonna whatever. You guys gonna send me some shit. I'm gonna draft something and I'll send it to you guys

Joseph Guzel  16:32:23
you can read by it, yeah. And then we, is there anything else? And then we just, we have to agree on it so and then that that could be stapled to this doc that then will like, because at the end, I imagine there'll be this doc will sign it. Then lawyers will do the other thing, right that will end up signing the other thing, another reaction, is to the to the the attribution piece as a major point that I think, but then it it's not a contentious one, and that I bring it up to to suggest that I'm taking anything from Anybody that isn't owed and vice versa. It's, it's, it's naturally. We need to get defined within the narrative. And I think I have ideas of how to solve it without turning it into a war, given that it's something that I have to go through for both of us in 20 so there's on

McLain Southworth  16:33:23
the attribution piece. I mean, I think the way that that you can kind of communicate it is, it's all about language, right? Because you can say the COVID investment, right? But you can say I was partner, you know, we did this deal, I let it, I co edit. I think the things that you can't claim necessarily is fun, level performance, like I generated Forex, tvpi, or

Joseph Guzel  16:33:50
Yeah, so I what, what I'm going to use is the starting point is, is the precedent that we have, which was the nine point test that was with cross link that when we released my attribution there legally. So it's not that was a more brutal test and a lot more binary. I don't see the need. I'm just going to propose something here, but I just wanted to bring it up as one of the things that I think will be, you know, yeah, totally good. I

McLain Southworth  16:34:19
mean, because the whole attribution thing basically what it does, because we have been operating, you know, non attribution, right? And so all it does is basically maintains the attribution with Haven fund one, yeah, I

Joseph Guzel  16:34:35
mean, we haven't, we haven't formalized or un or not formalized attribution,

McLain Southworth  16:34:41
but we've been operating under that. We've been operating under that assumption from the beginning, right? Because we

Joseph Guzel  16:34:46
were operating under the assumption that we weren't getting divorced and this was our last job. We also weren't assuming that we were having this conversation anytime, yeah,

McLain Southworth  16:34:53
but I mean, because it changed the way in the dynamic that we invested right? Because if we're operating as a non attribution, you know, and you said this multiple times, it's like, well, you know, we don't need to claim contribution for stuff. Like, it doesn't matter if you do the deal, if I do the deal like, we're all non attribution otherwise, right? Had we been attribution from the very beginning, I would have been in my lane, you would have been in your lane, and we would have just, like, tried to get our deals done right. And that's just not how we would operate,

Joseph Guzel  16:35:27
right, but that we're not operating within the bounds of continuing forward. That was because we were operating under this construct of this was our last jobs, and now we're getting divorced. So yeah, but I mean,

McLain Southworth  16:35:39
I think you should always operate under the the assumption that tomorrow is not guaranteed,

Joseph Guzel  16:35:45
right, which is why we, you know, took the care to release attribution on the way out to form the foundation that allowed us to build this great foundation. So, you know, assets matter, and so I know I haven't been approached. I'll suggest something. But this is important because it fits in with any other narrative,

Liam Gallacher  16:36:13
right? Joe. I mean, let's table this one. Okay,

Joseph Guzel  16:36:19
next the let's table that one. No, but if you have a comment, please, I mean, like, look, you're the audience. I'm trying, I say like everybody, because I otherwise, I'm not sure what we're trying to accomplish here, which is, what do you mean? We're not you don't understand

Liam Gallacher  16:36:36
we're trying to accomplish here. So what you guys are trying to accomplish is that you guys don't fucking sue each other and blow the whole fucking fund up. That's that, that's, that's a pretty fucking that's a pretty simple it's a pretty simple accomplishment. Okay, pretty simple. And that this is why I'm taking time out of my day to have calls with you guys, because that's not what I would like as an LP, because that sucks. Totally Yeah, and I can't get out. I'm stuck and and so, so that's an accomplishment, and that's the only accomplishment that matters. It's essentially getting you guys off the button, being off yourself with red buttons, you guys can just operate. And secondly, when it comes to the attribution, you guys are both good, like this is how I look at it. You guys are both going to be judged, and you guys both work there. Okay? It's like, like, you know, like Ben Affleck and Matt Damon won an Academy Award for Good Will Hunting. No one knows who wrote all of it. No one knows who did it. They could have done it 5050, or Matt Damon could have wrote all of it, and all, all Ben Affleck did was just signed his name at the end of the day. They both got an Academy Award, and they both, they both won for that movie. And so my view for Haven is that you guys went in together, you guys are going to go out together. And I think to get into the nitty gritty of the attribution, like you guys are going to be judged, but for your success, it's not as if like you can, not as if you can be like, All right. Well, I did this, this, this and this, and these are ones that all drive the fun. And then this guy did nothing. No,

Joseph Guzel  16:38:19
look, Liam, we had a and you're that's one way that other LPs that we have also underwritten and viewed a consummation of an investment, underwriting investment in a team like us or other teams like us and other LPs and other investors and other parties, viewed it differently, and having gone through a formal spin out, it's I have a very you know, from earned insights here, as as should McLean, like a that the stuff's just important. It's important until it's not important till it is important. And, and,

Liam Gallacher  16:39:02
but the cross link thing is different, because the cross link thing, you worked there for multiple years, day for one two you weren't a principal. You had a boss. You didn't you got to you had to go and fight for your deals. Okay? And then your deals either worked or they didn't. This is completely different. You guys were operating as a partnership. This is how I look at it. You guys were operating as a partnership. So at the end of the day, you know now that you guys aren't you guys don't see eye to eye, it's pretty hard to kind of go back and say, well, actually, I know that we were operating as a partnership to start now that we're not working now that's not looking all that great. Well, now I'm in. Now we need to

Joseph Guzel  16:39:43
go back. And that's not what I'm saying or trying or suggesting that I'm going to suggest with this because, yeah, I mean, look, when you underwrote us in 2021 22 right? The attribution, the attribution, the attribution for the like, like, just, just to give you some assurances here, like the the equity in terms of deals done and stuff, was effectively 100% my work from crosslink, because McLean and I had different roles, but one plus one equal three. We didn't market it like it was just me and the Joe Show. We marketed it as the package. And so just the same, just the same. Going forward, way it'll be treated as such, I'm not suggesting that, that I'm going to rob anybody of what they're owed, but however, we had an error.

McLain Southworth  16:40:36
Well, I mean, there's, there's a few of them on my side, but I think if we're operating under the assumption of all of all of a sudden, attribution, right? It's like then, because we literally were always writing like, Hey, does it make matter? Who makes the investment, right? And this came up a few times within there's deals that I really wanted to do, and you're like, it doesn't matter. There's no attribution, right? And then, but Hamza, for example, like, I spent two months helping them fundraise, right? If this was an attribution fund, why would I spend my time doing it? It's just hard to like,

Joseph Guzel  16:41:13
well, that's why it's not hard. That's why there's a precedent of like tests and one that we went through for crosslink. Now I'm not suggesting that that's what I'm going to propose, but we can table it and but that's table is something that's going to be

Liam Gallacher  16:41:28
addressed. Let's move forward. Let's move forward. Because Is there anything else moving forward?

Joseph Guzel  16:41:32
Is moving forward? This is how we move forward. Is is right here in the details, guys, like, it's we got to figure out these,

Liam Gallacher  16:41:41
Joe, the details completely matter. I'm not disagreeing with you on that, but you also have to, you also have to ask yourself, like, what Hill are we all willing to die on? I'm

Joseph Guzel  16:41:50
not, because not sitting

Liam Gallacher  16:41:51
here. Just, no, just hear me out. Just hear me out. What I'm saying is, is that, like, look at the end of the day. I

Joseph Guzel  16:42:01
mean, look, I didn't want any of this man, you know, like, I mean, without, without. Without like, I mean, I'm not sitting here like, Woe is me. I'm literally just trying to be constructive and respectful and do my fiduciary duty in light of not even having access to my business for the last 20 days. Okay, that's fair, Joe. So this is all, this is all like, after this, I get back to work on the phone with founders, right? So on, the last piece is, last reaction is, I guess I mean it this one's less important, but I guess that it was the point about the Haven brand or whatever, you know, whatever. What was the point

McLain Southworth  16:42:45
that you want to make

Joseph Guzel  16:42:47
devil's in the details. I it was more. Again, these were all reactions. I wasn't sitting here trying to hash all these out, because I knew that we wouldn't be able to on a call actively. It was going to have to be that we you know, it's just going to take longer, not too much longer, but longer, to do, right? So that's it, okay. But

Liam Gallacher  16:43:08
do you want the brand?

Joseph Guzel  16:43:11
I mean, look, I, you know, I love the brand. Not being able to use it going forward is something I'm gonna have to think about, you know, but I don't know.

Liam Gallacher  16:43:25
McLean. Do you care about the brand? I do

McLain Southworth  16:43:32
less so about like this burning need to use it going forward. More about like the narrative, or even it operating existence without me, right? I feel like I co built it. I don't need to. I don't need to use it and go forward, you know, I'm happy to part with it. But

Liam Gallacher  16:43:54
why don't? Why don't you? Why don't you guys think about that one you guys think about that

McLain Southworth  16:43:59
in the sense that, like, I don't need to use it going forward, but I prefer it not be used without me. Part of it is what I'm saying, Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  16:44:06
okay, so essentially, you would rather disappear if you guys don't use it, Joe, you would rather use it if you want you like you'd rather keep it for yourself. I need to. I yeah, why don't you think about it? Because it's

Joseph Guzel  16:44:23
because I'm sincerely trying to do everything in a spirit where we all maintain our equity here for it's not take anything away from anybody that they earned and they are entitled to.

Liam Gallacher  16:44:40
Yeah, there's, there's, there's like, which is even

Joseph Guzel  16:44:43
just a future for, you know, a job well done. Whether or not the fund is successful, is going to, you know, is going to that's not left up to chance either. That's active work, right, for sure. So

Liam Gallacher  16:44:59
there's some ideas I have, but we don't have to play with it today. Okay? So Well, like, I think the memorialization of May 5 stuff, the attribution, those are the two probably extremely contentious things. We don't even dive into those right now. That'll probably just take one call each, unfortunately.

Joseph Guzel  16:45:15
And the May 5 stuff is not intended to be like he did then this happened and that like I nobody cares. I'm just trying to get through the divorce and everybody, yeah, with this guy sometime, and that's it,

Liam Gallacher  16:45:33
okay. Well, I gotta think on that one. I gotta think about the best path forward for that, for that, those two, the attribution, the memorial, memorialization of a test that those two, I gotta think

Joseph Guzel  16:45:43
about. I can if you never had to do it before, because I never had to do it before. Neither did McLean until 2021, I can, I'll shoot you what I was thinking. And it's really doesn't have to be that nuts. It, just it, but planning for the edge, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  16:46:00
but it's also like, I

Joseph Guzel  16:46:04
don't want him to have to, I don't want him to have to want to kill me in six years, or vice versa, or me to sue him in six years or vice versa. That's why we did it the way we did it with crosslink. And look, I mean Eric, Eric chin would really love if McLean and I didn't do that. Like, do you think that I'm not sure that, I'm not sure that Eric and David would sponsor us, or the ELPAC for a spin out right now had, had it been a couple of years later? McLean, what do you I think, I think it's I think I think this is so important, this stuff, that people will kill for it.

Liam Gallacher  16:46:47
Okay? Fair, yeah. I think

Joseph Guzel  16:46:54
market here, you know,

Liam Gallacher  16:46:57
I understand. Look, let's, let's just table it for now. It's, it's it exists. We'll talk about it on a later call. I don't think that. I think that everybody needs to prepare when we're going to talk for talk with someone like that. I think it's fair to just, I think everybody needs to prepare if we're going to talk about something like that, for sure myself. So I don't myself, so I don't, I don't, I don't want to do that myself. And then I also think that like to write like there's, there's what's fair, there's all this kind of stuff. And there's also like, what is like, the like, what is the most harmonious path forward, in my view, that's how I think about things, too. Because, you know, there's, you know, there's, we've got, we have to be to think about that kind of stuff too. So, okay, okay, so let's just kind of go over what, what we we talked about today. So you want this operator, you know, honestly, even go through the red line. Okay, so what I want from you, Joe is, I want, I want your red

Joseph Guzel  16:48:02
line, yep, that's what you'll get next step. I'll get it to you no later than I want

Liam Gallacher  16:48:06
your red line, yeah, no later today, and then let's, let's talk Monday about the red line. Okay, because I think it's paramount that we get this fucking thing done. Okay, so can we, can you guys talk at the same time on on Monday? I

Joseph Guzel  16:48:21
can do Monday. I'll push to have the my guys get to something that is meaty by Yeah, it's a three day weekend, so a lot of people are disappearing, but right, that

Liam Gallacher  16:48:37
gonna work at the holiday for you guys, I forgot

McLain Southworth  16:48:41
that is fine depending on what time. Oh, shit. Give me second,

Joseph Guzel  16:48:45
yeah, I forgot it was a holiday until a couple hours ago. We don't have a vacation policy. I

Liam Gallacher  16:49:01
don't want you to commit to something, and then you're in like, I know, I know how. Like,

Joseph Guzel  16:49:08
yeah, it's my

McLain Southworth  16:49:10
sister's birthday party. I don't know what time it's at right now. Okay, why don't

Joseph Guzel  16:49:14
we do, we're gonna need a couple hours. Like, if we could just push Yeah,

McLain Southworth  16:49:17
I could do Monday. If we do Monday, it has to be maybe the morning, or we could do Tuesday morning.

Liam Gallacher  16:49:25
Yeah, why don't we do? Why don't we do Tuesday morning? Why don't we do, I have, I have time from 930 Pacific to 10 30% so nine from nine nine Pacific to 1030 Pacific. Is that enough time? Yeah. Okay, so why don't we do 9am Pacific on on the 27th

Joseph Guzel  16:49:45
perfect, 930 Pacific on the 27th No, 9999. Pacific. Nine Pacific on the 27th

McLain Southworth  16:49:54
Okay, well, I'll send, I'll send the Thanks. Okay, so

Liam Gallacher  16:49:56
let's just recap. So Joe's gonna get his red line. We want to like, we want this to be like a binding thing, a part of an operating agreement. We're memorializing the matrix stuff, the memorizing the makeup stuff is tabled. McClain said he'd forward Joe's emails for the last 20 days to his Gmail account. I'll follow up tomorrow. LP comms, both you guys are going to do something for me, and then I'm going to go draft it. The attribution that's tabled the Haven brand thing. You guys, I have some ideas on that. You guys think about I'm back. Let's try and have more than one call next week, because I think we're getting some momentum here. So like, maybe Tuesday, then maybe we do Thursday. Let's just, let's just, we'll talk about

Joseph Guzel  16:50:42
a plane June 8 for for go see my dad, and for Hess and Berkman's wedding and all kinds of shit. And so I would McLean's having a kid any second. So I think McLean, I, my goal, is to get this, get the important stuff done, whether or not it takes them longer to to do the lawyer thing, yeah, whatever. Like, it's just like, get the term sheet signed, you know, and, and then go from there, yeah, yeah. And

McLain Southworth  16:51:15
just, so, you know, I've been my plan was also just to have the lawyers just review it before it gets finalized. So

Liam Gallacher  16:51:27
you guys should do that, get a lawyer to look at it. Yeah, but like the last thing, we don't, we don't know. The reason why I want to do it this way, guys, is because you get lawyers involved. They just get fucking mad. And then way more constructive, hey, I've got, I've got a hard stop at at 10 30% Quentin, just so you know.

McLain Southworth  16:51:47
Okay, here I'll put it

Liam Gallacher  16:51:52
so you get lawyers involved. They get their knives out. They're obviously gonna, they definitely operate for their client, right? So it's just, let's just try and make it so that there's not as many fucking back and forth to the lawyers. It saves you guys some money, and we can agree to something here, and then if, and then what I can also do is that I can also be like, Hey, this isn't what the fucking we agreed to on the call. Your lawyer is completely gone nuts, like either one of them, and this is ridiculous. And so we're not going back. We're not terminated a million times. And then, okay, you guys have anything else, anything else you guys want to talk about, and you want anything for

McLain Southworth  16:52:32
me? No, thanks. Thanks again for all your help here.

Joseph Guzel  16:52:34
Yeah, thanks again. Really appreciate it. And

Liam Gallacher  16:52:36
like, Look, guys, I want to, I want to, I want to make this as I want to be as helpful as possible, right? So, you know, if you, if you think I'm not being helpful, just let me know, because I don't. That's the last thing I want to do. I want to make sure that that I'm, I'm, I'm helping you guys out and doing the best job I possibly can. Maybe,

Joseph Guzel  16:52:52
maybe one thing, because it is an imminent decision we have to make, is on to get Tiger re funded on a go or no go, the work hasn't been done yet for myself or McLean to it hasn't been compiled and presented yet for either of us to make an investment decision. So just, just

Liam Gallacher  16:53:17
yeah, let's, let's try. Let's see if we can. Like, it's,

Joseph Guzel  16:53:20
it's there. I haven't seen what I need to see yet, and even though I've been helping with it, he just did his fund formation, or sorry fund formation, what is it called? Company Formation. McLean and I are both advisors. It's like, in the same spirit as any of the other incubations that we've done in the Read Write thesis. So so like, Look, guys, I'm willing to talk to you guys

Liam Gallacher  16:53:49
every day, and I'm willing to talk to you guys every day until we get it done. Yeah, I'm willing to talk to you guys on the 28th 20/30 I'm willing to talk to you on the weekend. I don't care. I don't care how long it takes to get us done. I will talk to you guys every single day to get this over the line.

Joseph Guzel  16:54:02
I'm, I'm, I'm gay man, got a got an extra bedroom. I can come up. Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  16:54:06
you can. Totally come live with me. Why don't you guys both come live with me? Fuck my house seems to be like, the everybody seems to want to live with me. At my house. I had a fucking friend of mine live with me for eight months. I got my wife's family living with me. Like, I'm more than happy to have people come stay with me. So if you guys want to live with me, we can, you know, totally worst case. Have, like an El Greco like, you know, have like a death match at the very end of it, I don't shit like, all get in there and figure it out. But,

Joseph Guzel  16:54:29
I mean, yeah, again, it's the work has not stopped, nor has it deviated whatsoever. No word for you to hear that. Like it's, you know, with these financing like, regardless what was happening, like the work had to happen. We had to protect the portfolio, and shit had to get done. That had to get done, email or No, for sure, otherwise nobody makes money. No, agreed. I agree with you. Yeah, so if, but in the absence of the moves having been made that were made, like we would have all lost money. So it had to be done, like the decisions that were made and the work that we signed the firm up for had to get done, and still does today, tomorrow, after this call, otherwise we are weak. Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  16:55:24
okay, look, I'm on, I'm on, disagreement, as I said, like sharks smell water. There's blood in the water. Sharks show up. So we don't want that to have happen.

Joseph Guzel  16:55:33
We want that to happen. But, yeah, that's been, that's been a tough thing to manage for and, you know, but it's been managed. So

Liam Gallacher  16:55:43
okay, so Hey guys, so we'll talk Tuesday. And I'll wait for you guys' stuff on that I'll try and get you guys something by Tuesday for the LP comms if you guys can get me something by the weekend. Sounds good. All right, guys.
