Joseph Guzel  12:01:24
How are you good? How are you

Unknown Speaker  12:01:26
doing good? Doing good everything. Okay, yeah, just wanted

Mike Prohammer  12:01:31
to connect. I know you're trying to reach me last week with valuation stuff.

Joseph Guzel  12:01:36
Yeah, it's all good. I To be honest, I have not had a chance to get to it yet because I was busy working through what is hopefully the last little bit of red lines here for what is hopefully the last like session with the to wrap this whole kind of thing up. I was planning on getting it tonight. I got the spreadsheet that you sent. I know you need the decile thing and

Mike Prohammer  12:02:00
and it's not, it's not a real big position. Yeah, it's tiny. You know, your thoughts on, you know, urgency of included that side of things. You know, you can probably wait until next quarter because of

Speaker 1  12:02:16
materiality. Yeah, I think so, too, up to you. Okay, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:02:22
I'm looking at it, and we, and I was going to go through and process the notes from our call a couple weeks ago, and shit hit the fan because we had talked about cast finance. I think the two that because I'm sure you captured everything, the ones that stand out since is making sure we capture cast finance correctly, and then impairing SOC and volta, I believe we discussed right down by 50%

Mike Prohammer  12:02:51
which, yeah, which I think was already on there, and that brought us to like 39

Joseph Guzel  12:02:55
million. That's right. And then did we talk about meme and these guys, web, three builder, those ones, maybe we could take next quarter, because we're gonna have stuff go up next quarter, I

Mike Prohammer  12:03:09
think, unless we decide once, yeah, column K, I'm just opening up that spreadsheet that I said,

Unknown Speaker  12:03:17
looking at it too.

Joseph Guzel  12:03:20
So we had al services is fine. Fine. Bit, wave, alpha, fine. Brick dynamics, fine. I mean, honestly, I think we can mark up brick dynamics, but there wasn't a price round, so that one, but I would just leave it be cast finance. We talked about so with so with cast, we're moving it to definitive docs. What it's going to look like is, I'll get you the exact numbers on that. Precisely. It's going to look like, I think, 500k on the 15 post and the rest at a 25 or 30 post priced. And so I'll get you the price per shares on that. Okay with sock. Go ahead.

Mike Prohammer  12:04:04
And I think we went through the calculations in like, p, q, r, over there of translate to, so,

Speaker 1  12:04:14
sorry. Okay, there it is. Yeah. So

Joseph Guzel  12:04:17
it's 500 at 500

Speaker 1  12:04:20
at this Yeah. So it was the we did the preferred let's see seriously,

Mike Prohammer  12:04:30
down to the 6.5

Joseph Guzel  12:04:34
that's probably right, it is. Let me just pull up. What I had here is, let's see reserves. Model, super connector, cast, Cap table. RN, oh, man, I'm almost through it, buddy, you sound like you're a little under the weather. Are you okay?

Mike Prohammer  12:05:07
Just tired, we I've been doing a lot of driving since Thursday.

Joseph Guzel  12:05:11
Oh, just guys going on a road trip,

Mike Prohammer  12:05:14
just around New Jersey with with the kids. I took them to Princeton. I took them. Oh,

Joseph Guzel  12:05:19
wow. Oh, you did the whole college tour.

Mike Prohammer  12:05:24
Not really. It was more of, uh, they're, they're like some of the quaint cities, oh, quaint small towns, little shops and stuff, just to, you know,

Speaker 1  12:05:36
do something different. That's nice. Yeah, that's real nice. Let's see 500k

Joseph Guzel  12:05:42
Hanna gray did a million. So that was there. So we do 500k there, and then the other two. Yeah, we wired. We wired another two. Or was it three or two and a half in cast? It was two and a half right

Mike Prohammer  12:06:00
in Q tip, in

Joseph Guzel  12:06:02
q1 when we did those wires to buy the accounting got

Mike Prohammer  12:06:07
it sounds suck out.

Mike Prohammer  12:06:20
And do you know a Rachel gate? By any chance?

Joseph Guzel  12:06:24
My God, that sounds familiar. Who is that shit? Rachel painting

Mike Prohammer  12:06:29
for a capital call and we don't they're not listed as a contact for any or investors. Oh,

Joseph Guzel  12:06:37
rachel gate is, is I believe it's spectrum? Does it say spectrum on her email?

Unknown Speaker  12:06:45
Let me see Rachel gate

Mike Prohammer  12:06:48
actually didn't come in through. Oh, no, no, no, that's, that's

Joseph Guzel  12:06:51
my buddy, will Edwards his wife. Yeah, she got her made sure that her maiden name was now she changed her name to his. Okay, yeah, I'm sure it's like a really tiny one, right? Yeah,

Mike Prohammer  12:07:04
it was, and we just didn't know who to connect the money to. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:07:08
that's my buddy. Will. He's a good guy, okay, Chicago, let's

Unknown Speaker  12:07:13
see that was

Joseph Guzel  12:07:15
we chatted last time it was like, May 8 or something, I think, right? Let's see, because it was shit hit the fan base, fifth, and then I was in Denver.

Mike Prohammer  12:07:30
We did, February 13, 2 million. February 28 500,000

Joseph Guzel  12:07:36
Yeah, and you and I chatted last time at length, the seventh. So that's I'm just looking for my notes. Sorry.

Unknown Speaker  12:07:45
So summarize the column between me and Mike and what we discussed on the call with respect to q1 close, make sure I didn't miss nothing. So be specific on numbers. I'm I

Joseph Guzel  12:08:33
know this was the short call on it. That was

Unknown Speaker  12:08:39
Tuesday, May 7. Sorry, bud. I got you. SVB, Myers, issues, may conditions, incubations, venture fund management call.

Unknown Speaker  12:08:58
Where did we?

Joseph Guzel  12:09:01
When did we figure all our shit out? You and I, what day was that? Wasn't that um, was that not may 2 that was May,

Mike Prohammer  12:09:17
it was near? What was that investment that said everything crazy going

Unknown Speaker  12:09:29
every set, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:09:33
they're at crosslink right now presenting out to do exactly what I told them to do three months ago, and exactly even all the things it was the one that, Yeah, that one's all settled though.

Unknown Speaker  12:09:53
I mean, I really,

Joseph Guzel  12:09:56
oh, here we go. Investment strategy meeting. Okay, it was the seventh we did two calls because I had to jump off, yeah, summarize the exact I mean, I'm going to take the rest of the year off after this stuff McClain and I should have everything wrapped up by the end of the week. I'm, I'm hoping it'll be, yeah, what's,

Mike Prohammer  12:10:15
what's the expectation there?

Joseph Guzel  12:10:18
Um, so Liam from, uh, from cannonball has been mediating, which has been wonderful. IQ. He's not like playing for my side, or anything like that, or McLean's. He's really just like playing for, you know, the investment a resolution. Yeah, exactly. And like, and McLean is obviously, like, putting a lot of pressure to just get to a resolution, because he wants everything swept under the rug because of liability overhang for him, particularly with request, is with respect to his family office. You know, who's, who's Bowers, it would, it would be how you read them. You just can't have nothing show up on a you know, it's such a bad, bad situation for him, if that happens and and obviously, I don't want that to happen to happen to them. And the he, they've been pushing to get to a operating protocol which kind of, like, look it, which was non binding, that's where we started, which was, like, a set of, you know, rules where it's and can, like, how are we going to manage this fund out and Liam, Liam and and stuff representing the other LPs was like, rightly so approaching it as as, Hey, you guys both have work to do, and you got to divvy up like, like, as if we were a more balanced firm in terms of workload historically. And they just didn't know. And so I where we landed, was I proposed a very, like, stringent binding, like this is going to be a binding term sheet, basically, that turns into a formal Amendment and the long form operating agreement, the GP agreement, so that it's set in stone, and everything's going to be every you guys will see everything when it's wrapped and it's going to be totally, totally, as far as it'll be business as usual, but like, I'm just trying, like, to get everything to not leave anything up for, like, collaboration or chance. And it's looking like it'll probably what, what's probably going to happen here is, I'm going to control the firm going forward.

Mike Prohammer  12:12:27
Yeah, so, and it's really just keeping us updated with the latest set of GP documents, 100 and I guess, management company documents, as well as it affects either sharing percentages, whatever, whatever changes are happening, yeah, or even process, you know, approvals just keep us in the loop on that one, yeah, I wasn't trying to foreshadow anything. Or

Joseph Guzel  12:13:03
No, no, of course, yeah, of course not, yeah. What?

Mike Prohammer  12:13:06
What kind of documentation can you we're

Joseph Guzel  12:13:11
gonna, yeah, the this was gonna be, like a non binding, like gentleman's agreement, and I was 100% against that, and so we're doing a binding so think of this like if we were doing a stock purchase agreement on a new investment. This is the term sheet, and there's and it's and it's and it's binding that this turns, that these decisions are going to be made here, like valuation, for example, you know, if it was a term sheet, there's things that are not going to move, and then it's going to be formalized, which would take, you know, more, several more weeks into into something that Is state, that is our new, amended GP and management, long form agreement, which we should have had in the beginning, and would have, you know, not put us in the situation that we had now. Is

Mike Prohammer  12:13:52
now, is anything changing with sharing percentages or anything like that? That's not

Joseph Guzel  12:13:57
my intention, and I don't think it's going to get there. I I have, you know, knock on wood. Total ball control here now, because so I'm trying to and I'm basically playing at Mike where, where I'm just getting them back to where we would have been if, if McLean, if McClain, had just sat down with me and said, Look, I don't like you anymore. I don't want to work on Haven anymore with you. Like, you know, it's your business too. And so let's figure out how the hell to craft something reasonable here that works for everybody, which, you know, wouldn't have looked like, strip him of his attribution, you know, which wouldn't have looked like a lot of things. Yeah, right. It's like, if we're not breaking the toys on our way out of the playground then, and we respect the toys, and we put them back. And then, then, you know, and everybody getting played with the toys when they need to show them to somebody. But otherwise, you know, it's gonna, just gonna look different. It's a divorce. Thank

Mike Prohammer  12:15:00
goodness with with those sharing arrangements. Be careful with are they retroactive or this time forward? I think your management company would be this time forward because of tax returns.

Joseph Guzel  12:15:20
So when you say changes, are you talking about like

Mike Prohammer  12:15:23
I'm saying, if you change, it changes 7525

Joseph Guzel  12:15:28
gotcha. Gotcha. You know, I didn't even think about that. So,

Mike Prohammer  12:15:31
you know, if there's percentage changes, the question becomes, is it retroactive to inception, or is it this time forward? The answers may be different by entity got it because you've already paid taxes on the management company stuff and how tax returns were done in the previous years.

Joseph Guzel  12:15:54
Would that also impact cashless contribution? I mean, it would make sense all those details

Mike Prohammer  12:16:02
exactly. So just kind of keep that in mind. Thank

Joseph Guzel  12:16:06
you for that. I didn't even think about that. Yeah, it's, I'm starting from a place of, like, what he what, what I know he wants based on. And you would have loved this call on a personal level, that I had this second mediation session last week, because I is, I've been boxing with one hand, taking jabs for four years. You know. I had to make this stuff work, as you know, and like, I finally got to breathe. I'm like, okay, everything's financed. I got full control of all the board seats that matter. In name, the LPS. Think kamza is the only thing that we had, but actually, we got a lot more stuff, and I'm the only one that gets to dictate whether or not the fund's successful at this point, either, either or so, like, everybody sit down and listen to me for a minute. And I was just and it's clear that, like, what? Because, because, what nobody's ever asked themselves about McClain, which I always thought was kind of interesting, especially in this process, was like, he's, he's, he's, he's been living with the fifth richest man in the world since he's 22 so he's, he's always had unlimited access to capital. You know, it doesn't matter what's what, if the sky is blue, if the sun's coming up or down, like Google's Google and he, you know, they've shown that they're willing to give him hundreds of millions of dollars to buy him jobs over the years. You know, good family looking out for their brother. What the fuck does he need us for? You know, like, Why doesn't he have a solo $2 billion GP tomorrow, which is fun, which he could and he didn't need crosslink either. Like, in that case, we needed him. So it's just, that's how important credibility is. So it was all about the attributes. Yeah, yeah. It's kind of nuts. It's kind of nuts when you think about it like that, like, even with all that money in the absence of it, it's really comes down to that. So that's what I just have to maintain. So it's like, you know, you can sound Steve Wozniak didn't lose credibility for building apple with Steve Jobs when he was once was left. So I don't see why this has to be any different, right, right, as long as everybody's reasonable. So on the I got the I got the thank you for that, Mike. I got the notes here. I just want to make sure I didn't miss anything. So it was on cast. Oh, interesting. We said no valuation change, but that's because we didn't have it figured out. So now that we know it was another 2.5 we're doing five on the note of the 15 cap and then two on let's call it a 25 because that's what he keeps pushing for some weird reason,

Mike Prohammer  12:18:39
like 6.5 6.6

Joseph Guzel  12:18:41
Yeah. So calculations there, yeah, I guess so it would be the 500,000 would turn into a point 7250, cent Per Share conversion.

Mike Prohammer  12:19:03
I think we got what dollar 43 share

Joseph Guzel  12:19:09
that was at that was that was that, I think, assumed us doing a little bit less in the in the note, or more in the note. So what I'm seeing in the R right up here was we had, let's see seed plus. So that was we had everything coming in at the safe. We had, oh, yeah. So these are part of this. Okay, so the current price per share was 40 cents, and then we have this 2.5 million that's getting valued 500k of the two and a half is going to come in. Is, is, is now structured at a 15 million post money cap on a safe, and then the other 2 million is going to go into a priced equity round that will be either a $25 million post money valuation or a $30 million post money valuation, implying that the entire T of the 2.5 will will, you know that any notes that 500k notes is going to convert in to that round simultaneously. So it'll be like a another crazy IRR thing. But yeah, but exactly, but the estimate share share values, because what we're doing is valuing something that should have happened is we should hold it at cost for q1 just like we have it, and then for q2 we can, we can adjudicate it to, to actually, what actually happens? Yeah, unless you, unless you want to show it uh differently, because the 2 million shouldn't, shouldn't be overhanging, but totally you, you said that it was okay. We could just,

Mike Prohammer  12:20:57
yeah, that one's, that's a safe. So, um, I'm okay either way, I think, because you haven't done the deal yet, we calculated out the 1.43 price per share of what each series would be

Joseph Guzel  12:21:23
worth, right? Yeah. And I think, I think we got there based on, it would have been more coming into the note, right, versus the other way around, from our capital, because, because the problem why we took a worse deal on this for Haven was because all our money sunk already. It's not dry powder, it got sunk into buying the firm, and we needed to attract dry powder at the last minute, when we didn't think that we had to going into q1 and we managed to get it, thankfully. So they got there. They're well capitalized now, and, you know, they're running an accounting firm because I told them give my crazy, stupid idea.

Mike Prohammer  12:22:08
All right, so bear with me one second. I'm just making up a updated version for the valuations. So I

Unknown Speaker  12:22:27
will be two. Yeah, let me just make sure that

Mike Prohammer  12:22:37
all right. So if I heard you correctly, cast is going to stay at cost.

Joseph Guzel  12:22:46
Yeah, that's, that's one option, if that's what's easy, because we can leverage that markup event for q2 and since, and since we, since we were able to, since we're taking two markdowns this quarter, plus marking up Hamza, kind of like nets everything out. And so we are trying to get more aggressive with the markdowns now versus

Mike Prohammer  12:23:12
All right, so let me change, let me change that to see what we're at. So

Joseph Guzel  12:23:16
he wants, he wants everything to convert. We agreed to. I'm looking at the text from this weekend. He said, uh, five. So Haven will be 500k at 15 post cap, and then it will be leading a $2 million priced equity around it at 25 million posts. And so that whole 2,000,002 point 5 million will, the whole value will be sitting at point 9183, by the time it's by the time it's over, something like that, almost a buck.

Mike Prohammer  12:23:44
All right, so I marked cast to cost, and you are still up 1.4 million quarter over quarter.

Joseph Guzel  12:23:54
Nice? Is that good?

Mike Prohammer  12:23:58
It's pretty good. Yeah, you got room to move

Joseph Guzel  12:24:01
things. I got you think? You think I should be moving things down more? No,

Mike Prohammer  12:24:06
what I'm saying is, you know, you know something good is going to happen on cast. Oh, that's just okay. You just don't have the final number. So yeah, quarter over quarter increases, gotcha or not?

Joseph Guzel  12:24:19
Not bad, not bad. So then, so then on decile, we can also just punt on that one, right? That's just like, yeah.

Mike Prohammer  12:24:26
I would say, in the name of, it's $100,000 investment material, whether you adjusted this, I wouldn't wait, yeah, the quarter, for us to get moving on the quarterly change totally.

Joseph Guzel  12:24:43
And then, okay. And then, yeah, that should, and then that should put us in a in a decent spot here, so we'll have and then every set is going to is going to also increase to a price round as well. He's sitting, he sees that cross link right now, but that'll be a, are we in q2 or q3 we're in q2 we're in we're in q1

Mike Prohammer  12:25:03
oh, we're still Q

Joseph Guzel  12:25:04
and Jennifer, well, no, just like, literally, January. For April, May,

Mike Prohammer  12:25:10
actual, but we're q1 reporting.

Joseph Guzel  12:25:13
Gotcha so, so in that case, then and then, yeah, it was made that I issued the thing so on. Yeah, every set will consummate a price round and cast finance will have been priced and marked up in q2 okay, by the time you and I are having this conversation in a month, and then, yeah, next quarter. And then, so we'll have three markup scenarios, potentially even a third with Hamza again, believe it or not, interesting. And so and so. With that all happening that mitigates any other existential what we will just take out and wipe out the rest of the portfolio that needs to just go away and and I'm going to discuss this in the mediation session tomorrow, and working into my med red lines, where I'm like, where it's like, who does what? You know, because he was trying to saddle me with, he was trying to be like, Yeah, I'm so busy I've got, you know, web three builders. And like, okay, all right. Like, yeah, we'll see about that. And and then we have one investment that's gonna that needs to consummate this week and wire and close we have, I haven't put down a term sheet yet, but that's going to be tied to read, do you have cash? That was going to be my next question for you. And I think we do have cash. So we have a million bucks, right? Or something like that. So it'll be enough, I think, for this one, but then we have to do a capital call.

Mike Prohammer  12:26:49
Okay, that makes sense. I'll familiarize myself with cash. Let you know what's going on there.

Joseph Guzel  12:27:00
I've tried to try touching nothing. We have 2 million bucks, thank God. So we have plenty of cash for that, and there shouldn't be any others going out period.

Mike Prohammer  12:27:10
Well, I guess it's line of credits, probably due back July or August.

Joseph Guzel  12:27:14
Yeah, so we're gonna we are the thinking that you and I got to was, which was, you really, you really saved, saved my ass with this strategy, by the way, man, this worked out so well because it kept us from doing anything, you know, and kept us out of the bank accounts as much as we're everybody's fucking with them, yeah. And so this was brilliant. I told Joe such that the we Tiger re won't be more than a million, and so we'll be okay, and then we won't. We'll have enough for a fee draw or whatever we got to do. And then, even for, I have so many expenses, I don't

Mike Prohammer  12:27:52
think you have any more draw left. I think you're fully borrowed.

Joseph Guzel  12:27:59
Sorry, yeah.

Mike Prohammer  12:28:00
So then it's capital call related to replay, repay draw, and then have enough cash on hand for follow ons and expenses. That's

Joseph Guzel  12:28:10
right. So yeah, we've racked up 27 grand in interest, and then our principal balance is 5 million, and we have 5 million outstanding, so we could, yeah, so we could, you know, chip away. So that'll be a 10% call, or whatever, 8% call, exactly, and then ideally, that's the last one we're going to have to do for a while.

Mike Prohammer  12:28:40
Yeah, probably just leaving enough, you know, for management fees for next two quarters, something like that.

Unknown Speaker  12:28:49
Yeah,

Mike Prohammer  12:28:51
picking your brain on if there's any follow ons, you know, in the future. So,

Joseph Guzel  12:28:57
yeah, exactly. I mean, we've done pretty much all you can do with, with, you know, a $45 million fund here. And so, like, like, that's the other thing. It's like, none of these, in the absence of recycling, the focus should be getting money back where we can. And the only, the only thing I modeled for reserves, other than potential, is basically three scenarios. One would be Tiger re the new one that we do, because it's going to require acquire some acquisitions and then so in which case it's like, do we do 500k and then reserve a mill when we find something that we that we want to buy kind of and be smart about it, and or do we do a mill and then reserve 500k and then the other is, I just had another million that I earmarked for Potential follow ons in things like and things like Pico. And super connector, and so, because, because, because all of these, all these companies, like, like, like, auto lab is going to be fine, but like, wieldy, I have to figure that one out that could be a write down in the next quarter if he doesn't get financed, if there's something under the hood, I'll make a call as to whether we save it or not, and then, and that's in the whole thing is me making this calls, is what I'm trying to get to, yeah, so we can make them fast. Volta, I'm obviously trying to push to return that capital. He won't do it without a fight. And you know, the other ones are, are they're really irrelevant. And then Apple, Luma and and Corgi are fine. And finance, so other than that, we, you know, we're okay. And so if we can return some, what I was going to ask you, Mike is, because I have, I have the fund modeled without recycling, really out to eight years of fees given how we spent and invested, because I didn't want to sacrifice ownership and number of deals. So like, if we cut the if I, if I get them to agree to cut the fund officially. Like, if it gets to that, like, where it's like, we're eight years and that's it. And does that mean that we get to show like we're returning capital? What does that mean if you're an LP from that perspective,

Mike Prohammer  12:31:38
what if you waive

Joseph Guzel  12:31:39
management fees? Well, it's, you know, the 30% cost is, is why we model it out to 70% invested in reserved and anything over that, right? You need recycling or returns and so like, if we if, if the fund is just not going to draw fees after year eight, if, let's say we just agreed on that or something, or let's just make it easier. Like, if today we stop taking fees forever. It might, except for the cost of a Duro and like you know the upkeep. What does that mean from an LP perspective, for your bottom line,

Mike Prohammer  12:32:14
well, they would have less in contributions, right? So it would be less impactful for an IRR, right? Because they're not putting in. And then, really, if

Unknown Speaker  12:32:29
you're thinking,

Mike Prohammer  12:32:32
you know, so you just wouldn't be fully called, right?

Joseph Guzel  12:32:36
Is that bad?

Mike Prohammer  12:32:40
I don't think so, right? Because if you've made all your investments, and you just, you're just going to have less expenses later. I guess you you could invest more, but, you know, add the potential risk of loss, right? So if you do, if you do nothing, meaning you stop the fees at eight years, you're going to have a lower expense ratio overall, right? And you're going to have less impact on your IRR, in a negative way. I see

Joseph Guzel  12:33:18
okay,

Mike Prohammer  12:33:20
over time, I see so to me, it's, yeah, I committed 100,000 but instead of paying in 100,000 I only pay in 80. God, I get some of my money back, versus I pay in everything. When am I getting everything back? You know what I mean? It's, it's six of one half dozen of the other I see, because you some funds never call at all, you know, they don't get to the 90% range. Other funds, you know, gotta they called 100% can't do anything else, so they're relying on, you know, how are you gonna pay your expenses in the future?

Joseph Guzel  12:34:03
And so the only way to mitigate that, let's say, is, because we'll be so assume that we got to do a 10% capital call here, and that then takes us to, you know, that would be like four and a half million. And so that would pay off the line, and we're good, everybody's good, everybody's dandy. You might, might be able to go a little bit less. So then that means we'd be at 80 like 82% invested, and 82% called, and we've already been deploying reserves.

Mike Prohammer  12:34:44
I kind of think that 10, 10% depends how much you're putting into Tiger, right? If you got two, if you got 2 million, now let's say you put a million in that. That leaves you with a million plus the four and a half, right? So that's five and a half million, which you have to repay 5 million of it. Yeah, you could then borrow, you could then borrow it again,

Joseph Guzel  12:35:14
yeah. And we could just borrow a marginal amount if we do, if we just assume that, like we're not going to have a single deal that we need to do the rest of the year.

Mike Prohammer  12:35:23
Yeah. So then, you know, you're kind of managing off of what expenses are you going to push from a management company to the fund, which seems to be 50 to 80,000 a quarter. I haven't seen the most recent stuff lately.

Joseph Guzel  12:35:43
Yeah, those were some. Those were pretty some, I moved a lot of the expenses there. But I'm gonna, I'm gonna give that a real scrub again. There isn't and what I and what I also did, Mike, I need to send you guys all this stuff. Is, I sent a is, is we have just a renewed contract with the designer, and then the which it looks like the same thing. It's like 3k up front for and then, you know, and then eight months or something like that. So really, no difference there. And then I created a sold this debacle. I realized McLean had the AMEX, you know, tied to him personally. And so I got us a a haven corporate Amex that's not tied to either of us, but it's, it's the same thing. And I'm going to give it to Annie and all that jazz, and just move all the expenses from that I have tied to his card, to that card. And then we're going to, you know, do it like that, so that it's real clear, yeah, because that was a problem, obviously, just all the basic shit, you know, but our expenses, I mean, our expenses should go down basically, or stabilize, right? And, you know that's, that's kind of it like,

Mike Prohammer  12:37:11
yeah, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  12:37:13
We haven't been the biggest expenses has just been us paying ourselves. Mostly like,

Mike Prohammer  12:37:20
well, that's not at the firm level, yes, at the management company level, exactly,

Joseph Guzel  12:37:25
so I should optically reduce that, right?

Mike Prohammer  12:37:31
It's 601. Half dozen the other right? Because any any expense you put through the fund affects your IRRs in a negative way. Right? We

Joseph Guzel  12:37:42
haven't accrued that many fund expenses, though, have one over the last four years.

Mike Prohammer  12:37:47
I won't say you're running 50,000

Joseph Guzel  12:37:50
80,000 a quarter, but that only really started in last year. Yeah, I want to

Mike Prohammer  12:37:57
say either q3 or q4

Joseph Guzel  12:37:58
to last year. And I wonder, did I wonder if that included the fund formation for mofo, right? Because it took us, you weren't around back then Annie's other husband, and he was working on this with her other husband. But the we hadn't, it took us two years, right? It took us two years to raise and so in the whole time, I it didn't click for me that we should even be taking fund expenses.

Mike Prohammer  12:38:28
Yeah, so I want to say it was q3 q4 that the management company expenses were pushed, or any of those Amex expenses were pushed to the push to the funds, yeah, or on that side of things, okay, I think it ran, it ramped up from previous quarters. So yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:38:54
or previous quarters, we were previous quarters. We were taking 100% of everything in the manco, right,

Mike Prohammer  12:39:03
right. Right? So it's kind of six of one and a half dozen of the other. Yeah, I think you're

Joseph Guzel  12:39:09
right. Yeah,

Mike Prohammer  12:39:10
it's it optically. It's it's worse on the LPS from the IRR perspective. But if you leave the expenses at the management company, you're paying taxes on less profit, yeah, the So, but

Joseph Guzel  12:39:32
it's, it's only, is it only it's okay, because I'm having these markups, I'm guessing, like, as long as there's because I am doing everything just according To the LP, like, the

Mike Prohammer  12:39:43
sign, some some some GPS, you know, manage it. You know, they're obviously bigger, but they can handle the expenses more. Out of the management

Joseph Guzel  12:39:57
company. Are we? Out of your Are we one of your smaller funds? I've never asked you.

Mike Prohammer  12:40:03
You are kind of in the middle.

Joseph Guzel  12:40:07
Do we? Do we run it good? Do I run it good, like, compared to them? Or is

Mike Prohammer  12:40:13
any asking you for a bunch of stuff? Is who is Annie asking you for a bunch of stuff? She never

Joseph Guzel  12:40:19
does. No, she really never. I feel like I'm her easiest client. Got it, unless she's unless she's telling you something different than I'm missing her comms. I I owe her some stuff, but it's not if it was egregious, I would have already went to her with it. I didn't want to. I just felt like it was one more thing on my plate. I couldn't handle. I was already

Mike Prohammer  12:40:39
killing you, No, and that's fine. I think it's I need her. I need her to have that stuff. Okay?

Joseph Guzel  12:40:49
I'll prioritize,

Mike Prohammer  12:40:50
yeah, I can match up to the management company record so that the fund records what it owes to the

Joseph Guzel  12:40:57
management company. That's fair, yeah, I'm sorry, yeah, I'm kind

Mike Prohammer  12:41:01
of behind on that next I got it on key one. She doesn't have some of that support.

Joseph Guzel  12:41:08
I gotcha so it'll okay. Yeah, cuz that was, I had gone back and done the,

Mike Prohammer  12:41:13
that was my backwards way of saying, Yeah, we got a few things open. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:41:17
no, it's, it's, I, you know, I would prefer you give it to me straight the and I had that stuff. I had that stuff all kind of actually finished for Annie, and I just didn't get to it because of all the craziness I've been dealing with this and so have you since March. So it's it, but it wasn't, it wasn't super egregious. In fact, I can tell you right now, because the main thing was, I went back to just recut the expenses that McLean had submitted, because I wanted to make sure that we were applying the same methodology that the auditors were reviewing. And they had, remember at the time, they hadn't approved it yet. And so that was the you were all wound up about. Are they going to jack up my waterfall calcs that Joe and I did or, and I was all wound up about the expense treatment, because I was for, I'm forecasting, right? So I was like, Okay, this is what we need to do in order to afford an employee who's now full time at Hamza. And he's, he's having the time of his life. And thank God I was able to set him up. I feel so bad for that kid. But, and then the and, yeah, making sure that we have the budget to get to where we needed to go. Yeah, and, and I remember it was, it was honestly okay. So I'm looking at here we are. So February 19 through April 2 is what I was re adjudicating for Annie and the expense here is this, right here.

Unknown Speaker  12:43:08
Let me see the

Joseph Guzel  12:43:11
Oh, it's regenerating. It shit. Okay, I basically built an AI to make it easy for me to submit the expenses to Annie.

Mike Prohammer  12:43:22
How's that work? Now? Pretty

Joseph Guzel  12:43:23
good. I mean, for I seem to use that a lot, yeah, well, you know, I, I'm a stats I'm an old stats major and, and I, you know, so I'm pretty good with the coding and the probabilities and, and good, good with, like, basic coding. And so like, this kind of gets me back to as good as I was in college, as I'd say, where I am now, because it's kind of, it's kind of like I play. I've been playing guitar since I was 10, you know, and I'm pretty good at guitar. It's kind of like with cars. It's kind of, do you play? I

Mike Prohammer  12:43:59
40. I started teaching myself,

Joseph Guzel  12:44:01
Oh, you're kidding. That's a good time to learn. Actually, what do you? What? What guitars Do you? I

Mike Prohammer  12:44:07
have a

Joseph Guzel  12:44:11
Fender strap, nice, nice,

Mike Prohammer  12:44:13
white one that looks like Hendrix,

Joseph Guzel  12:44:17
beautiful. Oh, you're Hendrix guy. Me too. It's, it's not upside down, yeah, you don't play it upside down. Left Handed.

Mike Prohammer  12:44:26
I I can't play much. I kind of noodle, but I haven't been able to noodle in like, two years, dude,

Joseph Guzel  12:44:33
it is so, it is so, like, pleasant to learn now, because I'm a little dyslexic and, like, I I'm good at math and stuff, but I'm not good at it, and so I was okay at reading music. I tried going down that path and like tabs and learning chord progressions and stuff was just impossible back in the day. And now it's, it's, there's so much good content on online, on YouTube, man, it's unbelievable.

Mike Prohammer  12:45:03
There's so many amazing people. Oh, my dude, it's, it's

Joseph Guzel  12:45:08
unlike, like, tick tock, even where it's like, I'm like, these, these people are just incredible. Like, I didn't think so many people are so incredible. Just did everything. Have

Mike Prohammer  12:45:19
you heard of Rodrigo and Gabriella? I

Joseph Guzel  12:45:24
feel like I have Rodrigo, Rodrigo and Gabriella. Oh, the duo, the guitar duo, yes, where they play classical

Mike Prohammer  12:45:33
they don't play they play classical Spanish,

Joseph Guzel  12:45:37
Spanish, yeah, like Gypsy Kings, which is one of my other favorite bands,

Mike Prohammer  12:45:41
but it's heavy metal background.

Joseph Guzel  12:45:44
I love that, too. I gotta I definitely seen them on like Tiktok and stuff. Mexico City is just awesome. We've

Mike Prohammer  12:45:54
seen them a couple times. Actually, me and my buddy saw him twice in two different venues. I took my daughter, my youngest daughter, and we got third, we got second and third round, dude, hell yeah. And then we took the family last, last April.

Joseph Guzel  12:46:16
I got it. I'll keep you I'll keep you posted. By the what do you what are your daughters into? Are they like Taylor Swift? Kind of girls? Or what are they? Heavy Metal girls, K Pop. K Pop, okay, yeah, I mean, dude, it's, it's, it blows my mind, like it's but, but the I asked, because my, my wife, you know she, she is a talent and social media manager, like she manages Chris Pratt, she looks like she's gonna sign Arnold Schwarzenegger. She Adam Levine, you know, all kinds of movie stars, and her family's big in the music business. I don't know if you know. Are you familiar with like, the kind of Mexican artists from back in the day, Selena and all them? Yeah, yeah. Do you know Vicente Fernandez? I've heard of it. He's like Mexican. He's Mexican Elvis. He passed away a couple years ago. He's literally Mexican Elvis and or was and her so her grandpa who's still alive, and he's the best he's from on her dad's side or mom's side, him and his son, who passed away, unfortunately, they, they were like the apostles of Mexican music and Latin music coming to the states. They did the first ever show in Madison Square Garden for and it was Vicente. They brought, you know, Julio, Iglesias, Enrique Iglesias, Selena, Juan Gabriel, like all so all those acts are, are them. They've made a killing. And so Ashley's been in the business forever. She used to run Ryan Seacrest production company, and so anyways, we're always she's always getting cool stuff like this, and it's always stuff I don't want to go to and it's always girly. And if I haven't meaning to tell you, if there's anything for the girls, if they like something that pops up, I'll make sure you guys get them, because there's always stuff going on at East Coast, even like Beyonce. If Beyonce comes up or something, I'll grab it for you, I promise. If I, if I get a chance, these things hit my hit my stands all the time. The Yeah, dude, it's so cool. I have a so you have the strat and then, and what would you have, like a su pro amp, or

Mike Prohammer  12:48:20
I got a Washburn acoustic? Oh, nice, nice, which a buddy of mine was learning, and he gave up. So, like, can't borrow your guitar, so I can see whether I want to learn that's awesome for like, 75 bucks. Yeah.

Joseph Guzel  12:48:36
I mean, that's the best a Washburn is great. They don't have they, they do not have the night or they do have nylon strings on the Washburn, but, yeah, there's steel. Oh, there's steel. Okay,

Mike Prohammer  12:48:52
I guess you could, you could put whatever you want. Well,

Joseph Guzel  12:48:54
if you, if you, if you, if you play, if you want to play, like gypsy King Spanish, like, I feel like it's a good way to learn. Always get to learn on acoustic, just because it's not a pain in the ass. And you can pick it up and put it down and it up and put it down and stuff. But like, if you're playing the you'll notice, like the Gypsy Kings or any of the Spanish artists, they're just a thicker neck there, because it's just all the crazy strumming that they're doing in the picking going up and down, going up and up and down the neck. It's if you, if you practice on that all the time, yeah. Then it just then when you, then when you pick up, like I'm looking right now, staring at my Nashville Telecaster, and which has Stratocaster pickups on it. It's sunburst. I'll send you a picture of it. But then, then it's just like, oh, and I have my 911 here. Actually, I'll send you a picture of both. Picture of both one of the nylon ones. This one I need to restrain. But then, then you just, then you're just like, easily, because, because it's like, you know, it's like running with weights on, and then you take them off, and it's in, you're just like you feel like you're so good. It's, it's so fun, and then it forces you into a situation to get good at the at this drumming. But it's and then I picked up, when I was in Aspen, I remember you called me. I got, I just picked up this Supro amp, which I haven't I've always wanted one of these, and I haven't had a really solid amplifier set up in a minute. I think, I think I got a

Mike Prohammer  12:50:26
line six that's

Joseph Guzel  12:50:27
great, solid and

Mike Prohammer  12:50:33
a small practice app. I forget who made that one.

Joseph Guzel  12:50:37
I mean, well, you're lucky because you have your garage set up and stuff you could probably play in there and not drive the family crazy. But, like, I got this three story condo, which there's no one underneath me, there's no one, there's somebody underneath me, I think at the bottom floor, where I'm always sitting at but I'm just trying to be cautious. I'm loud enough, always screaming on the phone. Yeah, these Supra amps are, are excellent and affordable. And they're, they're good for Supra is really good for, like, a Telecaster sound, or, like, if you want to play the blues, you know, yeah, yeah, which, I've definitely been wanting to play the blues lately. Yeah,

Mike Prohammer  12:51:21
really good. And I've seen like, 10 times, I think he just retired from touring, but Rick Emmett,

Joseph Guzel  12:51:29
Oh, dude, yeah, from triumph, yeah.

Mike Prohammer  12:51:34
But, yeah, I've seen him up close and personal, second row in a 3040, seat

Joseph Guzel  12:51:41
venue, dude. He's He's epic. He used to play. He played those, like double kind of like Stadler from the Eagles, with the hotel, like the double the double neck, the double neck, it's so impressive. And the

Mike Prohammer  12:51:57
stories he would tell, like, it was like a What was that series I had on MTV,

Joseph Guzel  12:52:07
on MTV, oh, behind the music, or VH, VH one maybe,

Mike Prohammer  12:52:11
yeah, where they would talk and then play songs, and then talk and play songs, rush.

Joseph Guzel  12:52:17
I mean, it's, it's like triumph, triumph and rush. And these guys were so freaking good, yeah. And they don't get enough, they don't get enough love. It's like, and then from that era, do you consider that? Got rock,

Mike Prohammer  12:52:34
Anthem rock, or was it arena rock? Yeah. But basically, it was 78 to, what,

Joseph Guzel  12:52:41
90, yeah. And those were all the good years. I mean, 78 he's, he's

Mike Prohammer  12:52:44
put out 15 to 20 solo albums.

Joseph Guzel  12:52:49
Oh, dude, totally,

Mike Prohammer  12:52:52
you wouldn't know about so they're all very cool, dude.

Joseph Guzel  12:52:57
They're so they're so cool. It's the what was that? Yeah, it was 1972 that the Eagles released their first album, and that was like the birth of got rock. Have you ever seen the Eagles documentary? No, even if you're not an Eagles fan, which I'm a huge Eagles fan, I know that they can be a little, a little polarizing. I've realized over the years for for some guys, but the it's, it's unbelievable, and it's, you have to buy it. It's two parts on, on Amazon Prime, you can find it. I watch it, like, once every three months. I mean, it is just, and just for, like, the history of that 72 to to mid 80s to basically late 80s, early 90s, like in the even, gets into, you know, and those guys had such a kind of classic rock and roll situation. I mean, they've, you know, it not, not unlike the Beatles, where you had two guys, Glenn Frey and and who my wife is, his childhood buddies with his son, Glenn Frey passed away, and I think 2015 and now his son plays, plays, plays, his parts. He sounds just like them. But

Mike Prohammer  12:54:10
they got that country guy that is was playing with them for a while. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:54:14
well, well, they had, they started out more country, you know, because Don John Henley is from Texas, Glenn Frey was from Detroit.

Mike Prohammer  12:54:21
Oh, yeah. They could have gone either way. And it wasn't

Joseph Guzel  12:54:25
until Irving Azoff, who, my wife, worked with his daughter at blended before she started her own firm. Irving Azoff was a very famous music manager, kind of like David Geffen, that, you know, managed all these guys, yeah, and he, he's, he's a good dude. And it wasn't until Irving came along, and he was like, We got to add some rock and roll. Here. They got rid of the curly headed dude who was the banjo player. They brought on Statler, who's just one of the best technical Guitarists of All Time. Like, the he's a giant douche of a human like, like he, especially when you see him on the documentary, you're like, Oh my God, this guy. Like, sucks. Like, fuck this guy, but, but then the and you just have, like, then they brought on Joe Walsh, right? Which, like, he doesn't get much more the fucking rock than that guy. It was just a basket case.

Mike Prohammer  12:55:21
Yeah, he's got some funny interviews. Oh,

Joseph Guzel  12:55:25
he's so well. He used to always be just gacked out and Glenn Frey, like Glenn fry in the documentary favorite, he's like, he's like, Joe Walton, I can think about Joe. He's an interesting bunch of guys. Yeah, who you gonna get? And so it made them, like, more rock and roll in that era of like, 78 to 8283 where you had, you know, the, the anthem, rock, basically. And it blows my mind that, like everybody thinks, like Springsteen is the is the jam for that which I love, I like Springsteen. I don't love Springsteen, but it's, it's what I love about Springsteen is my respect for Philly? Interesting? Yeah, it's, it's not, he's, he's good, he's good, but it's, it's not, he kind of overshadows the band more than I think that then his talent, respectfully, really is like, I think, I think Van Zandt and all those guys are better.

Mike Prohammer  12:56:33
Yeah, I want to say, you know, huge following. I've never seen him in concert. I haven't liked him enough to go go to one, but I heard from, you know, all his energy and how, you know, What's he do, like, four hour

Joseph Guzel  12:56:50
concerts. I mean, you gotta, you gotta respect the shit out of that, absolutely, absolutely is in that documentary too. Glenn Frey talks a lot about this, where he's, like, because I've always been curious about that. Like, you know, how many times can you play Hotel California, but like, and, and it's like, he's like, people been waiting their whole life to hear Hotel California, like, so you gotta, like, it's like, respect for, you know, the fans. I was like, Man, I like it. It made me like them more. Usually you don't come out of those

Mike Prohammer  12:57:18
Rodrigo and Gabriella, like, up until, I want to say, like, four years ago, five years ago, everything was on acoustics. And he goes, when he first started the the concert, they played a song, and they came out and said, You know, I hope you respect our wishes. We'll play some of our older stuff. But, you know, we're, we're ever changing and going in new directions, and we have some new material. We like

Joseph Guzel  12:57:45
that. It's like,

Mike Prohammer  12:57:49
we'll play you a couple things, but we want to keep growing. So

Joseph Guzel  12:57:55
are you? Do you like hauling notes? Yeah. So I, I respect him for, like, how everything they just did. They just released hit hit, obviously, and in an era where there wasn't a lot of good rock, because it was getting all MTV, but if you go on YouTube, there is a series which, I don't know if it's still going on, but it's called halls house, and Daryl Hall is such, like, a fucking character dude. He's like, nutty psycho, like he's, he's just like, what's up? He still says, groovy, you know, and, and, and he, and it's just him at his house in upstate New York, I think, in Buffalo, and he invites artists out. This is just, and he was doing this back, like 10 years ago, before YouTube was like, YouTube, and he it's just such good, like, just jamming, just dudes jamming in his barn. And, like, they'll play some Hall of note songs, and then they'll play, like, you know, CEE, lo you know, like, like, so good. Have

Mike Prohammer  12:59:00
you heard of Tommy and Daniel? Tommy

Joseph Guzel  12:59:02
Manuel. Let me see if I hear and Ozzy, I've not heard of this guy, Ozzy guitarist, holy shit,

Mike Prohammer  12:59:11
dude. He's

Unknown Speaker  12:59:12
unbelievable.

Mike Prohammer  12:59:14
Unbelievable. The guitar is an extension of his body.

Joseph Guzel  12:59:20
Where Australia,

Mike Prohammer  12:59:23
yeah, he, I've seen him at a local, you know, college, and boy, you get your money's worth out of the notes and the stories and stuff like that. So I'll send you, I'll send you a video or two on them. I'm

Joseph Guzel  12:59:40
gonna listen to him right now. This is, yeah, I love, I love this kind of stuff. Do classical gas, classical gas,

Mike Prohammer  12:59:49
like, striped shirt kind of thing. Australia,

Joseph Guzel  12:59:53
Australia has low key incredible musicians. Like, even, even in, like, the EDM DJ era, like, I'm friends with this guy named DOM dala who just sold out Madison Square Garden. I'd known him because in San Francisco back and when I had my early 20s, like it was still Beatnik. You know, I used to live right next to where Janis Joplin would play in the alley with Bob Dylan, like I was right around the corner and in Little Italy, in North Beach. And like you would just have, every day I'd be seeing just unbelievable music I didn't deserve like. It's so that's so good. Here's another thing I like about you, that's, that's so cool. The, yeah, this, this, I'll send you some cool stuff. I'll send you some cool stuff. You gotta be, gotta download that. You gotta buy that Eagles document. It's only 20 bucks. Do it. It's just so cool. Because also, like all those guys, it blew my mind at how they all lived together. Man, like there's this neighborhood in downtown LA that used to travel on busses. Well, well, even more so they were all roommates. There was just all of these people in in Los Angeles, in this neighborhood called Echo Park, which is not too far from, like, main, main Hollywood kind of stretch, and it was affordable. And like, like, Jackson Brown lived with, Glenn Frey lived with and then you realize how many songs they wrote for each other. And it's so cool. It's so simple. Some of the dang stuff was really bangles, yeah, Prince, yep. And then, are you into, are you into country? Some i Yeah, I'm not huge, yeah, I'm not huge on country. But when it's good, the young musicians look, you want to, you want to feel like ridiculous about yourself and feel good about humanity. This kid named Billy strings

Mike Prohammer  13:01:52
smoke weed with Willie again. Oh,

Joseph Guzel  13:01:56
my God, I would love to smoke weed with, yeah, they have that whole thing. Where his to, they say, his tour manager, his road is road manager, who made a killing. He has, like, some alien orb, and he's like, this is what made Willie and everybody successful. Everybody's touched it that the this kid named Billy strings, if you look him up, he can't be more than 20. He is disgustingly talented.

Mike Prohammer  13:02:26
Yeah, I know here talking about, it's

Joseph Guzel  13:02:28
they're just like this gender that generations we got to produce, like, some unbelievable people. It's wild, but anywho, yeah, yeah, and it's looking like, I'm gonna buy that as 2000 by the way, nice. I found it. I'm gonna go check it out tomorrow. It's a 2004 Honda s2 1000. It's about a stock as I can find. I'm going to drive it. These things have no torque, but like, I don't know why I'm fixated on this car for some reason. Okay, I have no idea it's I think it's just because it's like a better version of Miata. I think it's probably going to be, it's, it's basically the new NSX,

Mike Prohammer  13:03:11
yeah, it's, it's a replacement for the NXs, yeah, yeah. You know the performance side, but you can go topless and, you know, enjoy the sun down there. I

Joseph Guzel  13:03:23
can get it, I'll tune that thing that 350 horsepower, and twist it. I know I'm kind of known for that the I will end up twisting it like that. I mean, if I tune it, if I tune it, if I tune it, just a bit, I just need more torque, or I can throw a turbo. You just need a

Mike Prohammer  13:03:43
little twitch. Just remember, it's a convertible and it's got less, yeah, less. It's,

Joseph Guzel  13:03:50
that's what happened to me last time i It's the convertible on the 92 and then I broke, I twisted the entire chassis because it was, I didn't realize all the, all the weight would go to the floor. Yeah, yeah. The Yeah, yeah. I'll pick it up, and then I'll see if I hate it in a second. But the torque, if you watch any videos on that, let me know what you think, because it's what I should do to it, because the thing rev stays to 8800 rpm,

Mike Prohammer  13:04:20
exactly like it's tough to like their engines. You're not really going to kill. No, unless you go major with something and don't pair it properly.

Joseph Guzel  13:04:31
Yeah, yeah. And the fix for that is just to just throw a turbo in it, right, and tune it to take the turbo on at 3000 RPM or something, right?

Mike Prohammer  13:04:41
Maybe I'm not, I don't know turbos all that much, but, yeah,

Speaker 1  13:04:46
I'm old school. You're old school. And

Mike Prohammer  13:04:49
it's like, I like stuff stock,

Joseph Guzel  13:04:51
yeah, I might not, I might not touch it. I might not touch it. Like, it's, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna see because it's like, it's CC, see if I'm good on that like, and then if

Mike Prohammer  13:05:03
I'm not, is that five or 10,000 extra gonna get you more points on your license.

Joseph Guzel  13:05:08
I mean, it's already, yeah, my wife signed a new client today. Like, literally, a couple hours ago, I was like, I'm buying it. Like, that's it, buying it. It's, I'm just, I'm just scared to, because I don't have a garage yet, and so I'm scared to, I'm like, this one. I can handle it when I'm inevitably going to have to do something, but if it's any more than that, and I don't have the space, I'm going to be freaking out.

Mike Prohammer  13:05:36
And it's small, and you can park it in a lot of places. So,

Joseph Guzel  13:05:41
and I mean, I'm in LA, there's a bunch of Mexican dudes here, old Mexican dudes that love Honda. You know, you probably less so where you are right

Mike Prohammer  13:05:50
depends where you go, yeah, yo,

Joseph Guzel  13:05:52
I sent you that, that expense breakdown, this is kind of what I was talking about. It's in your email from my Gmail. Okay, so this is what I built this a while back to be able so I could throw in based on what Annie and me and you decided are the parameters, and I'll revise it, but that way, and then I basically give her all the raw data, and then this way it just streamlines everything. So what she'd have is investment related expenses, operational expenses, operational expenses, administrative expenses. I don't remember how these got parsed out. I think I was, I was parsing it from admin, meaning like a Duro and everything, ops, meaning straight to the manco, and then fund related. And then you see here, it's like the air expenses per month. Boom, boom, boom, Google workplace services, things like that, corporate filings we had. And so the total would have been for those months. Investment related. Where did I have it? Investment, operational, administrative, monthly total, I guess, I guess it would have been $10,000 or something. And, yeah, oh, no, sorry, 17,000 for Feb through April. So let's say it's another 17,000 since then. And then I can rethink that in q2 Yeah. And to your point, I can rethink, I'll rethink the treatment for us because of, because if, like, we're not going to hire this kid, right? He's, he's full time at Hamza, or are we, or what, like, these are all things that are being figured out. And I just didn't want to touch anything in the bank account, Mike, until I got, you know, all these demons slain, yep, so, anywho, yeah. And then I'm, by the way, I'm gone June 8 to July 9 and but, and then my wife and I obviously are going to be in New York, in the Hamptons, pretty much all of August and so and so. We'll be seeing you, for sure. And then,

Mike Prohammer  13:08:10
yeah, we got a trip to Colorado, I want to say June, 9, 10th, 11th,

Joseph Guzel  13:08:22
where you guys got

Mike Prohammer  13:08:24
we got a controller Summit. Oh, nice. So we're going out two days before and two days after. Denver's making it, making it a vacation, bringing the kids.

Joseph Guzel  13:08:36
Nice, yeah, Denver, Boulder. Denver, Denver. Okay, well, if you guys, if any, because I told Pacino as well. If there's the cast, finance guys would love to talk to y'all to learn it's, it's, it's, it's funny watching them run this accounting firm and get it cleaned up. I'm sure I could use some advice.

Mike Prohammer  13:09:01
You know, run that through purchasing. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  13:09:04
he is, I told him, you know, they just, they just need advice on, like, what, you know, it's just like when you when I talk to experts for any company, right? Just to, like, what should we focus on? Whatnot, what are we doing wrong to stabilize the business so we can start building some technology? Got it? Yeah, you guys know better than anybody. So case in point at that firm, by the way, I asked, how many CPAs do we have, right? And how many do you think?

Mike Prohammer  13:09:39
Probably? How many people?

Joseph Guzel  13:09:41
There's about 25 people. And, and, yeah, and they're, you know, 4 million of revenue.

Mike Prohammer  13:09:50
There's probably two or three, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  13:09:52
there's two, yeah, yeah, there's really, yeah, two interesting, interesting, huh? I don't know what to make of that. Like, this. What I can't figure out is like, is, should you be trying to if you're me trying to build a moat? Do you go get more CPAs? Or does it not matter? Is what I'm trying to figure

Mike Prohammer  13:10:14
out, yeah, I don't know. I sat for it once. I was in the low 70s, high 60s, all parts. And this is when you had to sit for it once, for all parts. Yeah, you couldn't take just one part.

Joseph Guzel  13:10:30
Oh, when I did it, when I did it, I didn't finish it, but I didn't pass them all the same time i i passed everything except for the easy one, and I just quit econ, the Econ one, but reg audit far, and you could do them each separate. They were fucking hard.

Mike Prohammer  13:10:50
Oh, sure. And, you know, I was just that close. But then, you know, life changes, and, you know, didn't have time to go study, and kind of gave up on that. Well, yeah. And

Joseph Guzel  13:11:03
also, yeah, you get out of school for a year, and then you That's it. You're stupid. Like, it's like, I couldn't do it either. Yeah,

Mike Prohammer  13:11:07
yeah. It's like, you know, didn't put in the effort there, but you know, it didn't

Joseph Guzel  13:11:14
hurt me. I just, I only did it because I was, I was scared that my Intuit gig wasn't solid at the time, because the economy was so bad. So

Mike Prohammer  13:11:26
anyone else didn't fully know what I wanted to do? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  13:11:29
I mean, there's always that isn't there. I'm kind of back in that position right now. Brother, it's like, unbelievable. Like, when does this shit stop? It's like, can I? Can I just changes? Can I just trick my wife into just doing this. Can I be one of those guys? Like, she's her bit her business is so fucking lucrative, like, it's insane compared. But, you know, now she wants to have kids and stuff. So, yeah, you got to get started on that, I guess. Yeah, one thing at a time. So Anywho. All right, all right. On the I sent you those expenses. I guess we're all good on this. We there is a meeting with McLean here, I guess for Wednesday, right before our mediation session. So for that, the only thing that might come up on his side, where he can pull, you know, one of his little, little moves is, maybe he scrutinizes volta that, if he does, don't sweat it just

Mike Prohammer  13:12:34
all from, from valuation perspective, or,

Joseph Guzel  13:12:38
yeah, well, because he was well, because he was trying, you have to realize, Like, you know, pushing to a negotiation like he was, he on May 9, is when he said he hit me with that release of claims which my lawyers were like, like, Oh, he's trying to negotiate because he wanted to get he shot his shot, you know, and he wanted to get it swept under the rug fast Because of his liability and and basically his positioning, which was obvious, was like, okay, like, I need to justify my ability and existence, worst case scenario, to be able to continue to, you know, exist in the management company at the same degree. So he immediately pushed in the first mediation to start carving up board seats like that was going to mean attribution, you know? And we have a precedent for this, because him and I spun out formally right from crosslink. So I was like, Guys, try which, which, and it was to the detriment. I could tell that if I didn't wrangle it, it was going to be to the detriment of the overall portfolio performance, right, like getting capital returned and like doing making the right decisions that you should be making at this stage. Because he was justifying, I let them do all the talking in the first meeting. Let him just talk, talk, talk. And like he was trying to convey that, like the fund is in reserves that were not like deployed on reserves, which is not the case obviously, like we're fully we could just not deploy another dollar today, and it's fine. We've done pretty much everything you can do. We have more ownership on a weighted average basis per company than any other bigger fund period, right? Yeah. And so yeah, so that that's where we were playing it. So I don't know what kind of take will be. So just don't, don't sweat it if, okay, if

Mike Prohammer  13:14:35
next is, I'm going to recirculate this valuation template with the change back to cost for

Joseph Guzel  13:14:45
both. I volta,

Unknown Speaker  13:14:48
oh, for cast. Yeah,

Mike Prohammer  13:14:50
for cast. Okay, recirculate that for your approval and his approval. Perfect.

Joseph Guzel  13:14:56
Do you want me to shoot you the the notes on each one, and then

Mike Prohammer  13:15:00
I'm good there. I'm just gonna say per conversation. You know, here's column. K is the updated market values for each investment. You know, based upon our conversations, confirm you're in agreement, we'll process key

Joseph Guzel  13:15:16
one. Sounds good. Okay,

Mike Prohammer  13:15:18
we'll try and get his sign off,

Joseph Guzel  13:15:22
and should be fine, yeah, okay. All right. All right, thanks, Mike. It's good. All right, talk to you later peace by.
