Liam Gallacher  14:34:54
Hey, boys, is that a mustache? So it's a you know, so I am, I am very fortunate that I only have to shave once a week. And I used to have it where, when I was in university, I could shave twice, once every two weeks, because my hair grew so slow. And I was always envious of people who could actually grow a beard, because they could actually do it. But then when I actually talked to who could grow a beard, like, no, we want your hair, because I don't want to deal with this fucking thing. You know, I got, I gotta, you know, I gotta shave twice a day. I gotta shave in the morning and then at 5pm I gotta shave again.

Joseph Guzel  14:35:33
I gotta ask you, because McLean and I debate this all at what we like. Where did you buy your second penis that you must have needed in university?

Liam Gallacher  14:35:48
You know, the funny thing is, man, it's like, you guys remember that. You remember that like you remember that over Silicon Valley with Russ Hanneman, and he shows up, and he's like, he looks at, he looks at, like, this really skinny guy who's like, That guy fucks it's like, I see

McLain Southworth  14:36:04
the rest of you guys, and this guy's doing all the fuck

Liam Gallacher  14:36:06
yeah, exactly. And I'm like, this is like, That guy was like, me in university. It's like, I was not doing a lot of that. Like, I like my brother, Yeah, that guy back, that guy, that guy has the ability

Joseph Guzel  14:36:18
to to to to how many women, how annoying was it for you that you have a year, what are you guys like, five years, five years apart, and you weren't a you were, I'm sure you're athletic, because your whole family seems to be super athletic. It's kind of like McLean's, but the and then he's a pro hockey player with Calgary Royals, you know, Oh, yeah. I think,

Liam Gallacher  14:36:40
I think at the end of the day, like, I didn't I, you know, I think what annoyed me more was just how, like, how different my parents treated both of us. It was like, it was like, Ben got like, terrible grades. Like, that's okay. Like, I got like, now, to be fair, I was probably a real nightmare to be a kid to because I was like, the epitome of mediocrity. My mom gave me all my old report cards, like, a few months ago, and I was going through them. I'm like, fuck. I want to yell. I want to go back to my 15 year old self and yell at myself, like, I'm getting like, 7576 I'm like, putting literally point 2% effort in at all times.

Joseph Guzel  14:37:18
Is that the Oh yeah, 75 is a C, yeah. 75

Liam Gallacher  14:37:22
is like a B. It's like a b, b minus. But I was like, you know, I'm only putting in the effort of my, like, my little fingernail on my pinky. I was and and then I was like, oh, I should probably put enough effort in for maybe, like half my left hand, and then I could get into university. I know,

Joseph Guzel  14:37:37
I didn't know. I didn't meet anybody that went to, like, other than, like, doctors and stuff like that. But in town, I didn't meet anybody that, like, went to school at Cal or something like that until I was post college.

Liam Gallacher  14:37:52
Yeah, you know, it's funny, because that we have a different it's different in in like in Canada, I would say universities like somewhat more of a meritocracy, like, I remember I didn't get into UBC. Remember, I didn't get any University of British

Joseph Guzel  14:38:07
Columbia. Used to be a meritocracy here, and I went to Georgetown. That's No, that's hard, no, but,

Liam Gallacher  14:38:14
but when I went to but so I remember, I applied to UPC, I didn't get in, and my dad fucking called the Dean up he was like, why the fuck was I accepting summer students from this fucking University for last three years? Like, what was the point? The guy was like, because you're being a good person. He's like, You didn't let my kid in. He's like, your kid doesn't have the grades. He's like, You're not answering my fucking question.

McLain Southworth  14:38:33
You're not I actually stopped giving to my schools because I heard so many it's like, the only reason why you give, like, I don't want to get to fucking Stanford, because it's like, a bunch of fucking rich kids, right money to a school that, like, you know, the majority of the population is rich kids. The only reason why you do it is to try to get your fucking kid, right?

Liam Gallacher  14:38:55
I mean, and then

Joseph Guzel  14:38:58
it's been good. It's good for business, though, for you guys. Oh

Liam Gallacher  14:39:01
yeah, well, yeah. And then I don't blame you know, I don't want to talk about the Orange Man, because it's black hole, but like, at the end of the day, I totally understand why he's like, Fuck you and your endowments. It's like, this is all of you guys in your endowments. It's all, it's all an inside game. I'm taking some of your money. But anyway, you

Joseph Guzel  14:39:17
went to Penn, which I didn't need. Anybody that went to Penn. I didn't know what it was till I was 21 and then I was like, Oh, does this feels like the blue collar one of the bunch to be Dartmouth. You know what I mean? To

Liam Gallacher  14:39:27
be fair, though, the funniest thing, though, is like, so people will be like, they're like, Oh, I got my MBA. I'm like, Oh, cool. Where'd you go? I went to the GSB, I'm like, Oh, so you go, like, did you go to like, the University of Georgia? And they're like, No, I didn't go to the University of Georgia. I'm like, what does the fucking G stand for?

Joseph Guzel  14:39:45
McLean used to say when I met him, he'd be like, Stanford. GSB, McLean,

Liam Gallacher  14:39:52
at least you say Stanford. I give you credit for saying Stanford, if you just leave with the GSB, I'm like, Okay, I guess you went to Georgia.

McLain Southworth  14:40:02
Confusing thing too. Was before it was rebranded Chicago Booth was also the GSB, it was Chicago Booth. GSB,

Joseph Guzel  14:40:09
that was just like, were you McLean? Were you at crosslink yet when we had the booth? Daughter, yeah, yeah. This was another thing Liam is that was the first time I ever seen Aaron goes, what do you call them? Like, trophy interns. You know, I was like, What is this? What is this? And McLean's, like, she's just here, just to just be, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  14:40:32
she's here to help raise money. That's it. They're hoping to get something from the booth family but, but I had a friend of mine. I had a friend of mine that worked at a large multi family office in the valley, and he was telling me that they had one guy who was like from a very large legacy family in the US, and is smart, good dude. My friend was telling me that, you know, he's the guy was asking my friend when he's gonna do after after work? And my friend said, Well, I'm gonna go to Whole Foods and dish. And the guy was like, can you tell me what it's like to go into a Whole Foods? Yeah. And my friend was like, it's just, like, rows of food and there's like, a hot bar. And the guy's like, that's very interesting. And my buddy looks at the guy, he's like, You ever been to grocery store? He's like, I've never been to a grocery store. Never been to a grocery store in my life.

Joseph Guzel  14:41:20
That's probably you might weigh in until you're 12, right? Right? Because you were living in weird places. But they don't like, they don't have, yeah, we

McLain Southworth  14:41:26
have weird grocery stores in Tanzania. We

Liam Gallacher  14:41:29
had a lot of help. Yeah, that that's different. This is this. This guy grew up in fucking. This guy grew up in America, right? Like, and he didn't grow up in, like, rural America, grew up in like, Metro America,

Joseph Guzel  14:41:36
like, Metro America, like they're not there, they're markets, right? Like, when I go the Middle East as a kid, like it's not really, they don't have no bonds, really, you know. Anyways, Okay, should we, should we hit it? Yeah.

Liam Gallacher  14:41:48
So Joe, you want me to why don't you give us context?

Joseph Guzel  14:41:52
Yes. Okay, and so, first off, thanks for thank you for this week, the long weekend, snuck up on me. I couldn't really get a hold of it was less really about the council, although that was a problem, but it was also just busy. And three was like, I realized I was I was like, Oh, this is actually, like, a pretty heavy lift, because of everything we chatted about and aligned around for this iteration and trying to get it to a close, because, like, it's binding. If we agree that it's binding, right, then we should, I took the mindset of of any venture deal, right? So it's like, you have the term sheet, and then you have the major terms on the term sheet, and then those are the things that are the big items that you guys are going to that aren't going to change, so there's no surprises. And then, you know, it's, it's, it's ideally just little stuff in between now and the SBA and closing definitive docs that get. And so we all, we're all just aligned, and we can all just kind of like, chill out because McLean's got a kid coming, I'm going on vacation. I think we're all getting kind of tired, and I think we all actually want the same thing, regardless of whatever the reactions may be to any the docs that I certainly have gotten over the last couple of weeks, or or this doc here, it's all in the spirit of landing the plane here. Um, cool. So let me, let me kind of, I tried to print stuff out so I have it in front of me. Of course, like sleep hasn't been easy, so I guess let me, let me, like, say a few things about the red lines, like and Liam, I called you yesterday after I sent that Doc, and I tried to, I didn't want anyone to have any crazy reactions. They're not meant to be antagonistic, like they're really not, and I'm not gaslighting anybody when I say that, like it's they're really not meant to be antagonistic. They're trying to be cumulative. And and thread the needle in between the explicit and implicit things, especially from that last call that I thought was actually a good call. Thank you Liam for moderating and for dealing with us and McLean, thank you, brother, so that we can just kind of, you know, get what everybody needs, not necessarily what everybody wants, but what everybody needs. To put this, put this shit to rest, and let's see now, the version looks denser, right, which I like. It's deliberate, right? Because we're so have this the half of the mindset of whatever you guys, whatever opinions you you've shaped on, like whatever terms that I propose, just know that look at it like a term sheet. And there's certain shit with a term sheet that you're going to agree to before there's a fucking term sheet, just like with an LOI or anything else, it's not. What I'm trying to avoid is what we know doesn't work here and has never worked here, which is, we'll figure it out, or, you know, like any of that stuff, or continue on with this or collaborative this, let's just figure some shit out. And actually, you know, be able to put our heads to rest. So let's see. I'll cover the exhibits and everything, and let me just say, like McLean, like, just saying it plainly, like I'm not trying to paint you into a corner or anything with this sincerely. There's a number of clauses that I could have pushed back, like harder on sincerely, but I didn't, and I wanted this just to be equitable, and so we can all just kind of get past this. And you know, you're going to keep regardless of what it says about responsibilities and stuff. I don't intend to take board roles and stuff away, or, you know, LP, calm ability, or, like, any of this stuff, because we're going to agree on narratives and shit as part of signing this right, so that stuff will be figured out of it. Can

Speaker 1  14:46:15
we? Can you? Can we get into the can we get into the nitty gritty of it?

Joseph Guzel  14:46:20
All right? Well, how about,

Liam Gallacher  14:46:23
since I'm like, why don't we look at why I was

Joseph Guzel  14:46:25
on the hook for getting this together, and I'm on the hook for presenting. So just bear with me. Sorry. Let me start with this. Let me start with this. Don't jump into like, any specific terms yet, can I just get both of your reactions here to the Docs because you wanted to, you know? Yeah.

Liam Gallacher  14:46:41
So. McLean, why don't I go, okay, like, look, I feel like a lot of this. Joe, like, when I look at the doc, I I feel like some of it essentially just doesn't is incongruent, like with what we agreed on the first Call for one

Unknown Speaker  14:47:09
two,

Liam Gallacher  14:47:13
like, I think that if I got this and I was in McLean's shoes, I wouldn't sign it.

Unknown Speaker  14:47:25
It's, it feels

Liam Gallacher  14:47:29
pretty one sided for from my perspective. And I think that while there's, it's definitely, like, it's definitely a media agreement, which I think is a good thing, because I think that you don't want this to be some hairy fairy, you know, it's fine, super, super, super, super, kind of vague document that then there's like, a bunch of leeway and loopholes, which I think is, which I think is a needed thing. I i would say it's, I would say it's pretty, pretty one sided, like I can just use like five a Joseph Guzel should have fine decision authority over all reserve deployment capital, call time and write down treatment subject to advance notice of McLean and joinable for any new financing to distributions. Okay, but you're having final decision. I think that I thought we agreed on that all reserve deployment, all capital, like, all reserve deployment, or any or anything like that would be a joint decision. So just like things like that, like when I look through the document, I feel, I feel like that's a pretty one sided like I thought the whole point was, in my view, was to realign both of you to say, okay, hey, like, it's pretty simple. There's one more investment you guys are thinking about making, which is Tiger read. There's, you know, like, it's too early to tell on some companies if you're going to put any, put any reserves into them. But you know, at the end of the day, you guys are a like, based on how your operating agreement is written, it's a 5050 split. So, you know, essentially, kind of encasing that 5050 split, whereby, you know, if you guys, if anybody's going to wire money, both, you have to agree if anybody's going to remove somebody from their email, both you guys got to agree. If anybody's going to, like, change the Google Doc, both you guys got to agree. Like, things like that. So when I just see stuff, when I see things like that, I'm, I'm kind of like, I wouldn't, I wouldn't sign that. And then, you know, like, just things on like, like the May 5 event resolution, like, in my opinion, like how I wanted to draft this document, and what I wanted to do was, I wanted to say, all right, whatever happened prior to us signing this agreement is kind of like water under the bridge. Aaron made some mistakes. I don't want this to be a haha. I got you type document where it's like, you know, I think both you guys have to agree to that, where it's like, hey, let's just like, we're deescalating here. So that's what I would be thinking. Same thing when it comes to same thing when it comes to, like, attribution. Like, I don't think that that's a I don't I think that's a hill that no one should die on. You know, whether you like it or you're not, whether you like it or you don't like it. At the end of the day, you guys went in. You guys went in as partners, and you guys have to exit as partners. And if you guys went in without attribution, it's pretty difficult to kind of UN bake that bread. And I just feel like there's an incongruency in wanting to get this thing done, but then having hot button items that are that are that are going to have to be like negotiated out over, over a relatively long period. Because, if it's me, I me, and I'm having to figure out, you know, how much attribution each of you gets for hums, or how much each of you gets for Corgi or whatever it is, it's a long, arduous process that's going to require discovery. It's going to require a lot of like, work. And so in my view, I just feel like that's just not really worth anybody's time. And secondly, you know, Joe, you made a very good point on the last call, which was, you guys should have raised fund two by now, or at least had a first closing fund two. So you guys are kind of behind the eight ball on what you guys are going to do next. And I think that all the lps deserve like an update as to what you guys are going to do, because it's obviously not Haven anymore. So, or at least you're not, it's not going to be together as Haven, however that goes. So that's, I think that those are kind of like the major points that that I kind of took from it. And thirdly, it's not really like a true red line, because there's stuff in here that I can plainstakingly see was not redlined, that is for sure. In addition, and and it's very difficult for me to go back and forth and say, okay, was this, was this a red line, or was this an addition, or how does this work? And, you know, so I think that that's just that, that that makes it very confusing. Bay is McLean. I'll let you take over, yeah.

McLain Southworth  14:52:52
And I think, I mean, I think kind of the difference between that initial operating agreement that I sent you and then the back and forth that we had on the last one of the protocol is I got away from that language of trying to make it one sided, right? I was trying to make it as as collaborative joint as possible. I was trying to just make it very non controversial, or it's just like, hey, listen, you know, we're operating as a partnership here. Let's continue to operate as we're supposed to, as a partnership, right? No unilateral decisions, etc, etc, etc. And then, and so this one was a little bit of a to Liam's point was very one sided, and I think was, like, a lot of this was a vast deviation from what I thought we chatted about in the last call, right, especially as it relates to, like, you having full responsibility to make reserves in capital call timing and things like that. And, you know, we specifically talked about the attribution thing, like, it just seemed like it was a massive deviation. And, you know, I, I wanted to, I mean, candidly, I sent it to my lawyers, and they're like, I mean, we can't even redline this, because there's just so much new stuff. And there's like, we can't even, like, you pretty much have to go back to the drawing board and start from scratch again, if this is not, like a document you should work on so that, I mean, that's so that's kind of my general opinion, I think, just as it stands right now. And especially, like, yeah, the whole thing about May 5, and memorializing that and and saying that, you know, I didn't have any right to do it, like, it's just, it's just not necessary for this, in my opinion,

Liam Gallacher  14:54:38
because I think, I think with the May 5 stuff, Joe, is it? It's not like, we can't just, we can't just assume, like, you'd have to memorialize everything that's happened since January, 1 of this year, all the bullshit that's happened. And my view is, is that while each one of you has been escalating, everything's been an escalation. And the role that I'm trying to play here is a is a reduction in escalation, is rehashing what happened. It's like, you both have to go on stand and rehash why you feel like some why you were wronged in certain ways, and then have the other person essentially cross examine you, which, in my view, it's like, how I take a view of it's like, no fault insurance. It's like, okay, you both are you both fucked up? Whether you want to agree with me or you don't want to agree with me, that's the way I look at it and lean to move forward. Same thing with the attribution. Like, I've said this to McLean, Joe and and I've said this to you, like, I don't believe that the attribution is a hill to die on. Because I don't think that either of you will have any issue under your own merits and your own successes. Have any issue, you know, doing something new. I just don't, I just don't believe that to be the case, especially given your guys's thesis, especially given how successful you've been. And I think the other thing too, is, is that I think it's an extremely difficult thing to to, like, prove, you know, I think it's a very difficult thing, especially if you guys have been no attribution up until this point, and now you're saying, I want this now I would. I just don't see it being something that's that's worth it's going to take a long time just to figure it out. And at the end of the day, the thing is, is that you don't have to agree. So if you guys this, if you guys can never find any common ground on it, then we actually make no progress. All that ends up happening is, is you guys spend more and more money on legal. You spend less and less time thinking about Haven and what you guys want to do going forward, and, you know, at the end of the day, the LPS just lose out. So I think that my view is, is that those are two things that I would just walk away from and and move on from. I think the biggest key that, like the biggest key that I wanted in this document, was a roles and responsibilities, so everybody knows what they're doing and what is a joint decision, and then what are the individual little things that everybody's responsible for? So everybody knows what they're responsible for. So you can go back to a document and be like, All right, McLean, you said that you're going to be responsible for tax. We're supposed to have this done in 30 days. Where are you at? And we all, everybody knows what they're what

Joseph Guzel  14:57:40
I resent the red lines right now. I'm I'm listening, and I hear your guys's feedback and some of the comments I expect, but I want to make sure, like, did you guys get the right doc from me?

Unknown Speaker  14:57:55
I got the

Joseph Guzel  14:57:56
are there three exhibits in the back? Yes, okay, all right, just making sure. Go ahead, sorry.

Liam Gallacher  14:58:03
So you know, so when I so when I look at it, you know, I just feel like, you know, I just feel like it's, I Okay,

Joseph Guzel  14:58:21
yeah, like, I

Liam Gallacher  14:58:22
don't, yeah, yeah, like, I like, I don't, like, let's, let's use number 12, for

Joseph Guzel  14:58:25
example. Let's just not keep harping on this. Like, let me kind of reset a little bit, because I'm hearing this feedback, and I think, and I hear you. I heard you guys. And if you just kind of give me the benefit of the doubt here, which has been a rare enough, yeah, like, this is a, this is a, if I just give a tone, let me kind of reset so, like, the intent behind the red lines, right? Just a red level set wasn't to posture or create a one sided framework. And I know that it looks like a lot on paper, that's because the protocol we're talking about, I'm getting process oriented here is binding, as we discussed and agreed upon or aligned around in the last call, right? So this is me taking the last call and putting it into action here that that was, that was the intent. So a binding thing needs more thought because it's binding all of us than a non binding thing. So that is the mindset going into it. It matters more because we're held accountable to the things that are in it. So that's what I'll say on that. And then the goal was to actually memorialize what we've already implicitly agreed to or aligned around across these sessions cumulatively, right, not to rewrite the playbook. So let me say that now I acknowledge, like all these comments sincerely the feed like it look. It can look heavier loaded, because there's a lot of stuff in it. And if you just take a breath and you hear and you hear what's underneath it, if you guys will let me do that, this is scoring. And let me be clear, this is not about scoring points. If that was the case, I would not be in this situation. I've never been about scoring points. It's about codifying operational truths, not to rub people's noses in shit, right? Because, I mean, I've been living in picture here for a while, haven't I? Right? And I'm not here asking for any or complaining about any of it, right? I've been the one supporting the founders and signing safes, prepping LP updates, working with council, right and and I it's while this has been going on, to harvest outcomes for all of us here. And I'm not saying yay, give me all this credit. I'm just trying to give us something that works, because the status quo did not work, period. It may be worked for half of us, but not for the other half. So the status quo of let's just continue forward with that stuff. It's just not going to work because we're here so and we're all logical. So that's not a dig. That is not a dig. I always get accused of digging for some reason, right? It's just what's real. So we need the doc to reflect that reality, not to diminish anybody, not to diminish McLean, not to diminish myself, not to diminish this process. And I want to make sure we don't end up back here because, like I said in the last call, and like I know McLean feels too. We're just trying to get on with our lives, like I'm trying to get on with my life. I have to have. It was a big thing for us to do this and this business. And I think, I think it's safe to say that, you know, McLean and I are pretty good at venture together. We're really bad at running a business together, even now, I still love him, so I'm not like here trying to destroy anybody or anything, and I'm not vindictive, even though I should be right. I think I have a right to be now on the partnership piece in the governance piece that you guys keep bringing up, right? And McLean, I get that you want this to feel joint, but partnership, it doesn't mean like parity on every line item, and I think it means respect clarity and mutual teamwork, right? And I think that's something that you and I have just struggled with, man and and I think so introducing more of that is is probably a good thing without and doing it in a way that doesn't like value one person's thing that they're doing actionably relative to what the other person is doing. And that was something that was intended in this as well. And there's nothing in here that strips you have dignity. Was an attention of mine, right? There's nothing that strips you of economics or attribution. Let me repeat, there's nothing that strips McLean. You McLean, brother, of your dignity, of your economics or your attribution. In fact, I went out of my way to protect those things. Uh, oh, hello. How did you how did you do that? McLean, how did you do that?

Liam Gallacher  15:03:29
I don't have that. That was my wife. My wife. I think she realized that was, she always thought that I was watching like a YouTube or something like that. Like, oh, shit, you're on

Joseph Guzel  15:03:42
a call. If McLean, I could do that, everything, everything would be pretty different for us. Yeah, all good, and so and so. Like, it's, it's again, like, so, you know, keeping the work, the responsibility, we still have a responsibility here to this thing that we're going to harvest, and your carry your authorship, okay, where it's real and and the role, and when I say where it's real, that's the nuance here, right? And that's in the narrative piece. We can get to that when we get tactical So, and it's in the role that you want, you know, within the context of what we're already doing here, like, you know, the irony is, what I've told you a million times, man, when we were building this, because I had the the curse. I don't know why I'm this unlucky in my life, but, like, of just having to the three roles I've had in this, in this career, have all been the, like, three examples of the hardest thing, and I was, I came into this always saying, like, I know I'm gonna have to put a lot of shit on my back for fun one, and then when it gets the harvest phase, it's like watching this is the McLean show, because that's you're the drone strike and I'm the M 16, is what I would always tell people. And so it was fighting the ground war for a while, and so and so, like on the attribution and distribution before we dive in. I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to to relitigate the past here. I think it's a waste of time, and I'm I've wait. A lot of my time has been wasted, and certainly yours Liam, and certainly yours McLean, and I'm the frameworks and stuff that are part of that I put, there was a reason why I just put an example of definitions in here. And I didn't put, you know, something that is, like, ridiculously jarring, right, which I could have and and I tried, and if it looked like the cross link thing, for example, and what, what their treatment instead, I think there's something that's just a lot more reasonable and easier, and we don't have to fucking do that shit, okay? And everybody gets credit for what they were a part of, okay? And then we'll figure out what that looks like next, which would be a significant shift forward for the future, right? So anyways, trying to land the plane protect what we built, because it's important to protect what we built, because it's sincerely an unbelievably well constructed fund, and it's a shame that McLean and I aren't getting hoisted by chairs by all the lps in sprayed with champagne, because I challenge you to find another $50 million fund in your portfolio from even the best vintages that have the economics that we do on a weighted average basis, from ownership to everything else with that many No,

Liam Gallacher  15:06:48
I wouldn't be doing this if the fund was if the fund wasn't successful, I just do

Speaker 2  15:06:52
this for your shitty funds. I would just let you guys burn each other up. That's essentially what I would do. Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  15:06:59
I wouldn't care totally. So like, look, okay, Joe, like to be candid. Like when you read, when you read, Exhibit C number one, like how I read it is essentially you run, essentially the fund from here on out, and McLean is just on a need to know basis,

Unknown Speaker  15:07:19
right? Like, like that.

Liam Gallacher  15:07:21
That's, that's really how I read it, like that. That's how I read it, totally, totally and essentially all you have to do is notify him when anything's happening, but he has, essentially has no say, like you read the reserves modeling, that's fine. You already do the reserves model, but then we go to capital calls and deployment. Jg retains final authority to initiate capital calls, determine capital pacing. McLean southwards must receive advanced notice write downs, evaluation changes. J JG determines the timing and scope of write downs, evaluation adjustments. MLS may provide feedback, but does not control final marks new financing and follow on require mutual written approved by both JJ double triggered neither manager made the utility authority with new fund deployments. Okay, fine. Recycle any decisions upon reinvestment or realized proceeds, early exits must be joining, okay. But essentially reserves modeling capital calls you do it all, and that's essentially for a fund that's in reserves, that's you're essentially, you just, you essentially just manage the fund. And McLean is just like a Hey, thanks, man. I appreciate. I will let you know what happens when we go forward. But then when you go to fund administration compliance, it's like McLean's responsible for drafting all quarterly LP updates and fund report materials. McLean responsible to coordinate directly with the fund audit and tax JG, return, but you, but you were, but you retain final sign off authority. Ml, McLean is responsible for ensuring hygiene of organization, of the notion, I don't understand what that means. But essentially, like, he's, you're essentially a data monkey, and he has, he has to do all of it, and access and data, data and Governance Policy, okay, you guys are the same legal, legal and DNO administration, okay, you can handle that. But like, even, how you even how you write out the board participation, right? You write out all your companies very specifically, and all and then. But McLean's is super vague. It says MLS shall continue participation on boards were previously involved. Example, it like

Joseph Guzel  15:09:29
that wasn't that the if you, if you focus on the exhibits, I'll explain in a sec, but if you go back to the red line from last time, which, which, let's be clear about moving forward versus backwards. Like those were a page or two pages. This is something we can actually have constructed as a guideline, and not to rehash what I just said, but, but, but, but the last one had that, that same thing, didn't it. That wasn't like and this, this isn't it. There

Liam Gallacher  15:09:52
were things in it, but, but, Joe, they were. Think the whole point was, was there was stuff. I didn't go. I didn't go.

Joseph Guzel  15:09:59
I guess I'm simply asking. I'm not trying to argue on this because, because I don't want to dive into this, it doesn't make sense. What I'm hearing is that I'm not list that I'm not listing things out on being vague, but I'm building off of the previous version.

Liam Gallacher  15:10:16
So I would say this, this the version, this version, this version outside of the one sideness of the Virgin. The version is a better version than we started with, than what I would than what I drafted. Okay, it's better. And

Joseph Guzel  15:10:35
then I took that one and then I built I didn't,

Liam Gallacher  15:10:40
I didn't. We didn't get a chance to go over McLean's red lines, and I'd be blowing up McLean just as much as I'm blowing up you. Because there were things in that that I was like, this is, this isn't what you're going to do. This is dumb. This is stupid. This is, this should be an appendix. This shouldn't be here. So for whatever reason, we didn't get it, we didn't get to go through the, you know, nitty gritty with McLean. Okay, but I'm telling you right

Joseph Guzel  15:11:00
now, you can pull those up and do that in conjunction. No, we don't need

Liam Gallacher  15:11:03
to do that because at the end of the day, like this, is this at least somewhat encapsulates something that we talked about. But my view is, Joe, is is that? And I said this to McLean, I'll say the both of you again, it needs to be that you guys just manage the reserves of this fund jointly, because that's what your GPA operating agreement specifically probably says in somewhat vague terms, because what I feel is happening right now is you're renegotiating something that you already agreed to, and you're set and essentially this this document is saying, well, actually, going forward, this is what I want to do. And in my view, what I'm trying to do is, I'm trying to bring you guys together to operate together. You don't have to like each other, you know, the want to do business with each other, whatever. But unfortunately, you're gonna have a fun one that's going to go out into the future, and you have to find a way to do this together. And in my opinion, as I said to you before, like with this, how I would like, how I would like, how I would change it, rather than ripping it apart, how I would change it is I would make it like. I would be like, Okay, let's look at, let's go back to what I was talking about, like exit reserves modeling, whatever Joe you can do the reserves modeling, but capital calls and deployment, joint write down valuation, joint new financing. It's already mutual recycling. That's already mutual quarterly NLP reporting. That's something that you do. Can figure out what you guys want to do, okay, whether Joe wants to do it, or McLean wants to do it, or whoever, take whatever. But there's things here where I'm like, You guys need to like, it needs to be more of a mutual thing than a here and there, and we spent, like, an hour and a half talking about what was joint and what was individual. You wrote it on your whiteboard. You took a photo of it, and I wrote it all down and I recorded it. So my view is, is that this document that you sent is not what we talked about, even on the first call. So what I'm saying is, is that there are things in here that are not bad, there's things that there's things there's things in here that definitely are not bad, but there's, you know, at the end of the day, it's okay. Why? How I take this term sheet? Totally,

Joseph Guzel  15:13:26
totally, totally, okay. Look, a lot of assumptions being made here. I'm

Unknown Speaker  15:13:31
just reading. I'm

Joseph Guzel  15:13:32
just reading the reading and making assumptions, right? It said, like we're making assumptions after not reviewing McLean's red lines in that last meeting, because we weren't there yet, right? This was, this is an important process that his had certain things in it that we don't know what it said because we didn't review it. That because that's not what where we were at, right? So let me, but let me be really clear about something, and I'm not trying to be aggressive, right? I've never made a unilateral decision in this partnership. We have been doing things together, like reserves. We discuss everything, and I'm not interested in having to sit here and do put more work on myself that's already been unbearable, basically and completely unnecessary and undignified right now. Hold on. Now, the you the stuff about, like, Okay, who does what? It's like, I'm a data monkey or this or that. Well, welcome to my life the last four years, right? Welcome to my life, right? Like I have been the toilet scrubber, but also the guy who makes you know palms thesis come to reality with, conjunction with the founders and the dude that has to try to teach a Filipino EA had to walk out into the sunlight like whatever. You know, I It's not saying that McLean's contributions are not important. Didn't do that, but the reality of the situation is that there's been two equal partners here since day one, and no employees. Haven Ventures has never processed payroll for anybody, but actually nobody, because McLean and I are in w2 so we don't even process payroll. We've never had anybody but just me and him, okay, so as 5050, partners. So this isn't some overlord and some other one right, plain and simple. Now what's actually happening is that the asymmetry, because we have to go forward, right, Haven one is not only in reserves, it the initial investment period is unequivocally over. There are only a couple decisions to make that are key in the coming six months, with respect to assets that we have that we're all trying to get rich from, because we own the same amount of things. And he still owns the firm, and I still own the firm, even in the absence of being on it full time or whatever the hell we decide. Right? That reality, that painstaking reality, was not clear perhaps to folks because of our lack of our inability McClain and I to properly disseminate information to our limited partners about that stuff, because we and we weren't fundraising and shit. So although we should have been, so this, this is, these are 50, I'm talking about this with as 5050, partners, guys that own the same shit in the same things, trying to make money, because that's it for LPs and for ourselves and do good business, not to show some kind of like self worth and have longevity and staying power, and something that we both already have longevity and staying Power in. But the operating reality of the business has not been a sustainable one, in the absence of a accountable set of work going forward, because that's why this stuff is in there, because there aren't a bunch of investment decisions to make. There's a lot of things to do, but not a lot of investment decisions to make for either of us. In fact, we can, I put some stuff together. We can review it next time or this time of just, like, just a level set on, I had to rerun the reserves. We have q1 close. We just closed our audit level set on the numbers here, like, like, what's our portfolio look like? Where the fuck are we at in it's been, you know, we're 2022, vintage, $44.59, million and we're, once we do a capital call, which I think, I don't know the claim you're on that, a Dural call. What did we what do we say? What do you think July, when we on the line of credit? It's probably July.

McLain Southworth  15:18:14
Well, I think we're going to split it out into two. So we're not just doing a 10%

Joseph Guzel  15:18:18
what do you know? Here's us collaborating on reserves, right, right. So like, right away we keep zero. This is, this is, I think we've always done this stuff. So okay, so that means that, and we have, how much in the bank, a couple million bucks. I think we drew the line down. We're 72% called now will be, call it 82% invested in reserved without recycling, modeled in 8384 85 something like that. By the time that McLean's baby just woke him up for the 17th million time, coming into August, God Willing and and by the time I get back from visiting my father in Turkey. So now, so, so, so, so there, there isn't I'm and there's like four potential reserves decisions that we need to collaborate on together, as we do in our breakout winners, which look like all the ones that we have a lot of ownership in, that are that are real businesses. This isn't like a squint, and this one could still be good. Companies have received reserves. We got $5.4 million in Hamza. We've got, you know, 2.3 in every set. We got 2.75 in brick. These are businesses making millions of dollars that of dollars that are standalone businesses that we would all like to make money from, that are real businesses, like it's not just the Hamza show here, right? Then there are also decisions that we should align on that are prudent, good portfolio management decisions that we would have made anyways, around what do we do with the assets that haven't, that are still have runway, but probably won't make a lot of money, like McLean and I just did with the q1 valuations that didn't that there's, you know, impair this one, impair that one. But in light of realities like, I don't know, Liam, would you like to have? Do you need to show some losses, like, as an LP? Do you think it's a good idea? This is actually helpful feedback for us to show some losses. Should we try to get some companies to return capital back? Okay, so, so, so, so, but I'm being told that, like, like, it's being suggested that, like, we don't do this kind of stuff, or that I do it in a vacuum, right? So

Liam Gallacher  15:20:34
trying to make Joe, and I'm listening to you, and you listen to me, but you understand Joe. There's a difference between

Unknown Speaker  15:20:44
you telling me this and

Liam Gallacher  15:20:50
moralizing it, and in a legal agreement, I know when you put something into a legal agreement, it's different totally. Yeah, and Joe, I empathize with your situation. It must have been very difficult for you to feel like you're the person who's doing a lot of the heavy lifting. I didn't

Joseph Guzel  15:21:14
feel like it. It was my reality, and so look, decisions to make. Just hear me out. Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  15:21:21
Joe, I empathize with you. I do it. I'm sure it was difficult.

Joseph Guzel  15:21:26
That's sympathy, not empathy. It's, it's, it's empathizing. Is putting yourself in my shoes. Yes,

Liam Gallacher  15:21:32
I am putting myself in your shoes. I am I, because I understand why you wrote the document this way, right? Makes sense to me. You wrote the document this way because you're putting, you're putting in the document the reality of what you've lived the last four years. You're wanting to codify it.

Joseph Guzel  15:21:52
No, okay, it's

Liam Gallacher  15:21:55
how it's how it's reading. It's how it's reading. To

Joseph Guzel  15:21:58
me, I understand. It's how it's reading. I'm trying to give us a framework so that we can do work in the future and both go on and do whatever the hell we're trying to do. I'm not. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna live in the past

Liam Gallacher  15:22:08
right now. I'm telling you right now, I'm not. I don't have any I don't have any worry about you guys doing reserves together. There

Joseph Guzel  15:22:15
are no decisions to make. The reserves are deployed where 85% come June, invested and reserved,

Liam Gallacher  15:22:23
right? But Joe, think of this, if McLean, if McLean sent you a document that said, I want to do all the reserves, I'm just going to let you know what you think, how would you feel?

Joseph Guzel  15:22:37
I would hear what he has to say about it, and then I would react constructively. And that's what I'm trying to do here. We've been on the I agree with you on that, but Joe, 47 minutes, and I haven't run through a single thing. This took me a lot of work, Joe,

Liam Gallacher  15:22:55
I know it took you a lot of work. I know, I know it took you a lot, but this is what, this is how you go through a red line. You go through, you go through

Joseph Guzel  15:23:01
the red line, respectfully, respectfully, we haven't gone through a rough line yet. I spent a lot of time.

Liam Gallacher  15:23:06
You go, Joe, you go, go through the red line. How you want to go through it? Okay? You go through if that's how you feel, you go through it.

Joseph Guzel  15:23:11
Yeah, I'm not, I don't feel anything, and I'm not trying to be a dick, but no, but I spent a shit ton of time on this. We do Okay, so

Liam Gallacher  15:23:20
we had to move the call a bunch. And

Joseph Guzel  15:23:23
then I, I, there's a lot of other stuff going on with the business, right? So in I'm the one, you know, without my fucking email and all that shit, I've had to just keep it's not easy, not to say that he hasn't had things to do. It's not easy. And that's why, that's why we're going to fix it going forward for the business reality that we're in now, which is not a one of a whole bunch of investments, because let's go through it. Let's go through it. Okay, so let's start from the top. So section one, binding mcclaney Is are you good for us to start going through this? Okay, yeah, starting at the top. So again, binding protocol, not a loose handshake. The language here reflects what we discussed on the last call. I'm trying to take the last call go forward, right? It's a term sheet, blah, blah, blah, and then the and then yada, yada yada, it let's see. I don't think this is a contagious one. So number two, okay, information sharing on business initiatives, right? It's unchanged from McLean's draft that language, where,

Liam Gallacher  15:24:36
where are we right now? So we're on number one. So, so if I said

Joseph Guzel  15:24:40
the red line is not consistent here, I sent the red line to the top of I sent my the version I was working off of to the top of your inboxes. If

McLain Southworth  15:24:46
you want to open it is actually or your changes actually read so they are so

Joseph Guzel  15:24:53
unchanged from the McLean draft, if you just pull up what I sent you, it's I was trying to get that other one out in a hurry. Am I this is, Am

McLain Southworth  15:25:01
I on the email? Yes, yes, you are. Yes.

Joseph Guzel  15:25:05
I mean, I this really shouldn't be pulling teeth. Pulling teeth was having me to have a thought into putting all this together.

Liam Gallacher  15:25:16
So the managers of Haven and managing the terms this protocol should be binding, and

Joseph Guzel  15:25:23
then it gets codified, like we talked about in the last call, into not an LPA change or some shit, into a GP amendment, which is between the GPS we, you know, not the big piece of shit that we had currently. And then Section two, this is unchanged from the McLean red line, specifically that manager shall

Unknown Speaker  15:25:42
share shall show the progress and status of any business issues, because

Joseph Guzel  15:25:46
it reflects our existing standard right share operational updates when they're material, time sensitive. I'm fine committing to this. It doesn't add overhead and shit. So no changes section three, information sharing request, right? Same here. No changes this. It codifies a reasonable request standard that's useful. And you know, it gives it gives us each a basis, I guess, to request access. If anything starts to go quiet. Again, equal access, equal shit, if there's any. And again, I had lawyers put some language in here too. There's probably shit in here that is just like, a little too unnecessary. That's why it's a doc, you know. And we'll fix all that. The lawyers are bulldogs in these situations. I've never been in a situation like this. So anyways, section four. So, yeah, like, we, should we fucking access it's been 25 days. I'm consummating financings. I got LPs. Andrew westervin, like a lot of these LPs. So long term,

Liam Gallacher  15:26:48
number four in mind. Joe is the manager together, established from McLean's

Joseph Guzel  15:26:52
version two, as if, which one, what number was that before formal expense policy? Like, like, we, it's like, I don't really see the fucking point with this. It's not like gating, but if it's not weaponized, I don't it just feels like that was, like, in a way, to try to weaponize me, or probably had something to do with, like, not hiring people or something, like, we're not gonna fucking we're past that. We're past that rhythmic full time at Homicide. He runs Strategy and Finance now, and we never process payroll at haven for anybody. Section five, LP comms, plus portfolio allocation and reserve governance, right? So section like this section is like one of the core anchors, right? The first major change from the prior drafts is it addresses two things first, because, and we talked about this in the last call about the LP comms, hey, Liam, if you would sign up for some more work for free, that it locks in the double trigger that we talked about requirement for all four formal communications to LPS that includes firm strategy and portfolio performance and attribution and anything related to new vehicles, and no more fucking ambiguity, no or quote, unilateral outreach. Because, my God, that is dumb, because it stops us from making money. And why the fuck would we do that? Right? And it aligns with what we discussed in mediation with you, and mutual sign off required any sensitive or directional messaging. It's also what I was hoping, like you would help us facilitate an exhibit a that's why I was just trying to make that those exhibits like a working thing for us to get shit done about the shit that actually mattered, not like in the first call about stuff that we thought that mattered. That Matters considerably less, actually, in the absence of us having to make a bunch of investments, that's we don't have to, we can't, we don't have the money. We're done, right? We just have to make good decisions with a portfolio going forward, and that's equally important as investments. Second on Section Five is a new insert right about portfolio allocation reserve governments, I think maybe the lawyers put this in, but clarify how we'll finalize the remaining reserve decisions as a condition to assigning the protocol. That's like what I literally talked about, because there's that few of them to make any recycling different. If it comes up tomorrow, Google buys us, then, you know, we're all excited, right? But where should we put the money? In the assets? Because we'll get more money, you know, like something will sell or go out of business and Wolf McLean and I will figure it out. Maybe that happens tomorrow, maybe that happens in a year, or whatever. Or if that cut, you know, if Apollo or something is, you know about like with Hamza, with the JP Morgan contract, if it's like between them and the JP Morgan contract, and we got an opportunity to come in and kill it, we own half the fund each like what to do, whatever the hell makes us the most money, because we can't go doing you, Hamza, right now, period, like they're not in Haven one right, and certainly not going through that again. The the other one is assigning real time decisioning rights going forward. In a way it reflects the actual roles. Like, let's just table that one, because I think I hear your feedback. Let me, let me gestate on it a bit. What? So again, like, this was built upon the last red line and then taking into account the other stuff which what was absent from those is the black and white truth of our value in our fund that we equitably own and making and making those sober decisions instead of which are just in the interest of us making the same exact goddamn money, no matter who we we should be trying to make money together. That was the whole point. And then, of course, the double trigger protocol, it, you know, can govern future recycling or redeployment, because it's, it's why I explicitly put these things in, is because of this beautiful new narrative with my reputation that is apparently happening the sound tree, which is like, I make all these unilateral decisions. I'm very tired of trying to litigate for myself on these things. And, you know, it's a incredibly taxing. It's just and it doesn't make any sense. So especially in a 5050, partnership, that which this has always been, it's literally doesn't make sense this framework. Okay, so collaborative, clear. That was the thing in Exhibit C, like that. Exhibit C, I didn't sit here and be like, I want to do this, and you do that. It was again, to put a framework there for you guys to react to and for us to work on that reflects the reality of the portfolio today, not whatever the heck that was before, which is not the reality of our business. And then, and then, basically, and defining some, some equitable separation of duties, really, because that's like, what it's not, it's not to say, like, he doesn't cover the boards that he wanted to cover, or whatever it's like, I've literally never said any of this shit. But I'm not going to run two businesses, you know, and have to do all this other stuff, which is, I'm moving away from the reality of of of things and holding us both accountable here, not saying that he never did stuff. I just asked him about a duro but like, if we're not going to be be, if it wasn't working with us being the only two people here at the firm, the only two full time people here at the firm that are investors and managers for four years, then it's certainly not going to work for for me, certainly for the next four if that's how long this keeps going. Fuck now, like, it's just, and that's just wrong, right? And, you know, like, like, and I don't even know why I need to talk about that actually, let's see, and then let's see Bucha Bucha Bo So, yeah, I'll pause right there. Any questions, or can I keep going

Unknown Speaker  15:33:31
McLain, the board, the it's all you I mean,

McLain Southworth  15:33:35
yeah. I mean, again, I think the I mean,

Joseph Guzel  15:33:40
I think reflecting to what I said and proposed here, like, yeah. I

McLain Southworth  15:33:43
mean, five A is definitely controversial. I know that we're tabling it the beginning of five again refers to attribution, but we can talk about that later. Just want to keep going. I to

Joseph Guzel  15:33:57
keep going. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  15:33:57
it's up to you. But yeah, keep going. So

Joseph Guzel  15:34:01
yeah, if anything that's this is good feedback. So again, you know, trying to I like how I'm hearing like from folks. Thank you. Okay, so section six affirms are, again, this just affirms our collective agreement from the last session. Exhibit A, whatever that ends up looking like. So, so we, we made a mess of things. McLean, and I right. Would you agree? Liam,

Liam Gallacher  15:34:32
I'm on his phone call. If you didn't, because you because everything's really good. So yes, you're

Joseph Guzel  15:34:37
What now,

Liam Gallacher  15:34:38
I'm not on this phone call because everything's great at Haven. I'm on this phone call because it's

Joseph Guzel  15:34:42
not but you just said that you were doing this because everything's really good.

Liam Gallacher  15:34:46
No, I'm doing this because the fun, the investments are doing really well at Haven. It's just free

Joseph Guzel  15:34:51
because the investments are really good at Haven. Yeah, I'm

Liam Gallacher  15:34:55
doing, I'm doing it for free. Yeah, well, I'm doing it because, because it's, it's fine. But anyhow, we

Joseph Guzel  15:35:00
appreciate it. I'm just, I'm just trying to have some fun for once. So I said at the top, like, you know, since it's binding, like, I'm looking at this term sheet to closing docs, right? What are the things that we need to clean up? Because we have shit to do, like McLean you're about to I'm sure have a baby any minute of congratulations. And when's Christina do?

McLain Southworth  15:35:30
She's technically due July 3, but I think we're inducing June 26 is going to come any day now. Oh, that's

Joseph Guzel  15:35:37
going to be fun for you.

Liam Gallacher  15:35:42
What, you know, you know, what? Guys honestly like the, okay, so the,

Joseph Guzel  15:35:48
yeah, it's, and so, so sorry, on six, it's, it's just, what are the let's get the LP comms. And not just the LP comms, just the comms, the cleanup mop job. What's the what's the job that the mop job we need to do in the next week, versus the one that we align on, which is the narrative stuff in the after the next week, to the one that goes into our amended short form, or whatever long form, GP, whatever, which that, if, it's if, if, if, what we're talking about is, you know, we go our separate ways. He does a new thing and I do new thing, and whatever, all good. Then, then, like, let's put that on. Let's figure that out together and and align on what works for all of us, because, and ironically, this is just McClain like, a lot actually easier to do now than it was before, when we weren't hearing each other, right? So like, like, that's it. It's like, if we're here, we're here because we weren't hearing each other. So should we wait for him?

McLain Southworth  15:37:03
I think, I think he's coming right back.

Joseph Guzel  15:37:07
So how's Christina? How's the how's the babe?

McLain Southworth  15:37:11
She's about ready to pop, and she's got all sorts of like, she's getting gestational diabetes. Like shit you get

Joseph Guzel  15:37:21
that she has diabetes, huh? Diabetes.

McLain Southworth  15:37:25
Gestational diabetes is like diabetes that pops up when you're pregnant, and it's like, so you have to do all sorts of crazy shit because you have to take insulin shots. Or what's the didn't have to take in slim shots, but she has to test her blood every so often, and and that's why we would probably have to induce slightly early, is

Joseph Guzel  15:37:47
so are they saying that it's going to be like that? Is this like a dicey if you don't mind me asking,

McLain Southworth  15:37:54
it's not, it's not basic. It's just for the health of the baby. You need to kind of get it is

Joseph Guzel  15:38:00
that? Is that a long time before the due date to induce? I don't know about this stuff. No,

McLain Southworth  15:38:05
that's only a week. It's

Liam Gallacher  15:38:06
nothing. Okay, let's keep going. So where are we at now? Are we? Are we past six? So,

Joseph Guzel  15:38:10
yeah, so six, six was, yeah, was, again, just relates to exhibit A which is not intended to be comprehensive, but collaborative, because there are comms that we need, we need to align on, per the double trigger that we aligned on, that we should do as a part of finding this and as a part of not seven real time ops reporting calls. I think this was, I don't really remember this. I think this was from McLean's red line and whatever cool. And then eight delegation roles, basically structured the way, the way we're looking at this structured way to grant autonomy when needed. It's explicitly bilateral, and neither of us can have a designated exclusive control unless the other agrees it prevents sneaky claims of unilateral scope right. None of that the managers

Speaker 1  15:39:07
may agree to designate certain rules and responsibilities that will be under the exclusive pursuit of a single manager. This may include spending authority

Liam Gallacher  15:39:18
documented. I

Joseph Guzel  15:39:19
think this is to avoid

McLain Southworth  15:39:21
micromanage. The original language, actually, Liam was was from your lawyers.

Unknown Speaker  15:39:28
Okay, okay,

Unknown Speaker  15:39:30
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  15:39:32
I could probably, we can probably get rid of that one,

Joseph Guzel  15:39:34
yeah. I mean, I think it's just in there to say, like, like, how much, how much are we going to have to report back to each other? Because there's a lot of language in the original one. And then the red line from McLean that was, like, just, it's too much. We're not trying to add work here. Like, we're trying to just manage work here and not add it. Partner number nine is fine. Partnership. Operating norms, yeah, the Bucha, Bucha Bo, let's see, yeah, locks in requirement that we co decide all major manners, and that would include new hires and offers and fund document changes and capital deployment, as we've always freaking done. Yeah, it aligns with what we already said, yada yada. No unilateral actions, whether you feel like I did them before, they're not going to happen anymore. Whatever section 12 cause events, definitional. Now this starts, I think this is where it starts, getting into the May 5 stuff. I heard you loud and clear on the May 5 stuff, boy, did I hear the May 5 stuff loud and clear, like, you know, candidly, you know, I could have been a giant asshole, yeah? But that's not what I'm doing here, clearly, right? So it was a huge lift. Latham typed this and helped make this Delaware enforceable, right? So this is not about being like you did this. No, because if anybody would want to do that. It should be me right now. The idea here and nor am I trying to get him in any kind of way, shape or form, fucked up with his family. I have, I the, I'm the only person on the planet earth who has worked with this man, this very nice man, as closely for as long, in as difficult of situations across two places. I know, I know, I know it's important well, in a professional setting, I mean, it's just been you and me here for four years. So it's, it's, I know, you know, and I respect your life, even if it

Speaker 1  15:41:53
wasn't every document, action, tension, minutes, or

Joseph Guzel  15:41:59
so the idea here is to set a high bar. It's not to go back and say because with the way, the way it was before, I cannot go forward in my life post divorce, you should okay where there's something that says that I was fired from my own business when I wasn't okay. And certainly McLean, certainly mccrane, technicalities of it, but we don't Sure, whatever, but we but also certainly you can poke at the technicalities of it. I don't know why that's productive when I could have proposed something a lot more accurate, right? What I'm doing here is saying going forward, like we're saying that thing was, was was just not a thing. That's all it's doing. It's not saying, reinstate me. Like, no,

McLain Southworth  15:42:52
it's valid. The only person that has to see that document is you, me and our lawyers in less

Joseph Guzel  15:42:59
what we don't know is what we don't know. Assumption is the mother of all fuck ups. Yeah, right. This

McLain Southworth  15:43:04
is, this is, well, I'll let you finish.

Joseph Guzel  15:43:07
Sure. So the idea here is that, going forward, there's a high bar for a cause event, not

Unknown Speaker  15:43:14
a gross negligence. It's

Joseph Guzel  15:43:17
hard. It's yeah, something that's actually definable, enforceable, and a high bar, not whether, just

Liam Gallacher  15:43:24
honestly, I think, I think, Joe, what we should do on 12

Speaker 1  15:43:30
is, I'll get my alert look at 12, right? But because, because we should all I get my lawyer. We

Joseph Guzel  15:43:36
can have the lawyers. We should have the lawyers on this specific one, come to a very lawyerly agreement. 12, I'll get my lawyers to look at I am not trying to rub McLean's nose and anything despite my nose.

Liam Gallacher  15:43:51
So I want to trying to go on it. I want to ask you a question. I want to ask you a question. Joe, what you're worried about with the formal resignation thing that McLean sent you,

Joseph Guzel  15:44:05
the invalid unilaterally signed manifest. Just hear

Liam Gallacher  15:44:07
me out. Just hear me out. The formal, the formal complaint that he made about removing you as a manager, correct,

Joseph Guzel  15:44:16
right? Which, in the absence of squatting on my access to my my business and my domain, and not giving him back since March when he did the first time, is just a letter. So sure.

Liam Gallacher  15:44:31
So I'm just trying to understand you. I'm just going to try to understand your concern. So what your concern is, is that, because that document exists, and because you don't know what's out there, like you don't know if, if someone's talked about or not talked about, or whatever it is, right, they

Joseph Guzel  15:44:55
definitely have just, just hear me out, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  15:44:58
what you would like in this agreement is essentially like a an absolvement of what, of that, of that thing, just So that, if for whatever reason absolvement.

Joseph Guzel  15:45:15
No, it's it to it has to be labeled as what it is which is invalid. Well, this is all about. Hold on, this is this stuff here is what's really important. Liam, why? If you're me in my reality over the last several years. It's the same reason that other terms we'll talk about here are important, right? Um, controlling my narrative and having some defense against my my my life and my ethics and my humanity, and not being labeled something that I maybe, that I might be or am not, is incredibly important, you know, sure as especially speaking as a guy who's a who came this guy who literally had to change his first name. Labels matter. And I'm not going back and trying to say, like, Oh, look at all of these things that happened, and look at what he did. That is what most other people would have done. I'm simply trying to go forward, and I'm not leaving anything up to chance, and because, candidly, and I'm not saying this to get a rise out of you, McLean, but it's like you've been incredibly careless with my with me and my family, my name, and I've been incredibly careful with yours and And and so and you can think whatever you want, but I'm not leaving anything up to chance here, and I'm also not doing anything unreasonable unless, unless, what I'm being told is that validation of what was done that day is more important than moving forward in the portfolio and deriving value and making

Liam Gallacher  15:47:13
money doesn't the NDA get get around this? Like, essentially,

Joseph Guzel  15:47:18
like the NDA is going to have to go and get these terms will then get codified as part of that. Think of the NDA is ancillary terms that are broad strokes. There's no such thing as a boilerplate NDA in the absence of something that's figured out. So these are, these are the things that seem incredibly reasonable and I and if there's, and I'm a little shocked that there's, like, a lot of debate about it, you

Liam Gallacher  15:47:44
know, I'm not debating it, Joe, I'm just trying to understand where you're coming from. That's

Joseph Guzel  15:47:48
all. What would you like to see here?

Speaker 3  15:47:51
I don't know yet. I have to think about it, but I would say, like,

Liam Gallacher  15:47:57
like, look, I can, I can empathize your situation. Because essentially, what you don't want to have happen is you don't want to have happen because you have to, because you guys are going to split, you guys are getting divorced, you guys are going to go do your own things, correct?

Joseph Guzel  15:48:08
Yeah. And you would like, you know, the board member of Hamza, to be able to not get our equity fucked over by the vultures, as we talked about last time, which is a very real thing that happens here, whether it's every set Hamza, super connector, cast brick, whatever like, these things are supposed to make us all money, and I have to manage them, Right? And it has not been easy to manage them for the best of for the betterment of all of us. When I'm managing this stuff that is didn't make any of us money and didn't help made it way harder to make money, sure.

Liam Gallacher  15:48:49
No, no, I'm not disagreeing. So I'm just trying to, I'm just

Unknown Speaker  15:48:52
trying to to articulate and we all need the same money.

Liam Gallacher  15:48:56
So, so what we want? So what you want is you want to make sure that when you go do your new thing, that this kind of stuff is kind of put to bed and this kind of stuff isn't, isn't like an issue where and you're and you want to make sure that, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:49:21
sure, yeah, sure. That's one of the reasons. And it's also, that's also why the LP comms is so much more like all the comm stuff is way more important given where we're at in the reality of the portfolio,

Liam Gallacher  15:49:37
right? But the calm stuff, Joe is really simple. Like, the calm stuff, how I

Joseph Guzel  15:49:41
it's not though, like, actually, I think it's a lot harder the portfolio stuff simple because we don't have decisions

Liam Gallacher  15:49:45
to make, no, but the calm stuff, in my opinion, is very simple in the sense that, hey, we dealt with all of our issues, everything's all good going forward. We've, we've, we've, you know, it's all water under the bridge. We move

Joseph Guzel  15:49:58
forward. And what is moving forward? That's something that is the next question,

Liam Gallacher  15:50:02
right? So that's, so, that's what I'm saying together. So what you're, what you're concerned about isn't what you're concerned about is going forward. After all this stuff's kind of, you know, all the dust settles and yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:50:17
like, it would be nice to be able for McLean, I'd be able to get on the phone with our founders that were responsible for or our other limited partners, or our peers and syndicates, and regardless of what we have mutually agreed on, as As the narratives for our future plans, or whatever that we will agree to and codify, right? But I think that we can keep saying the same thing for the betterment of the portfolio, right?

Liam Gallacher  15:50:44
But in LP comms, like, I actually think it looks way worse if it was like, and by the way, Joe did not create a breach

Joseph Guzel  15:50:52
determined goddamn apology letter or any of that shit. Like, well, no,

Liam Gallacher  15:50:56
and I think it actually makes it makes makes it worse. It makes it way worse. You don't want anybody to know that that was ever existed,

Joseph Guzel  15:51:02
but I'm really but we need to sit here and be constructive, because it's not about being vindictive, like we will in another call. We should. We need to, like, lay out, like, who should we tackle and how, based on whatever conversation he might have had, whatever conversation I would like I have no bad blood, and I'm not going to hold resentment. I just want to actually fix it so we can make money, right?

Liam Gallacher  15:51:23
I would say that if it was me, you know, I think that this. I think I think section 13 needs to be like, Yeah, I think, I think section 13 needs to be like water either it needs to be a little bit more vague

Joseph Guzel  15:51:45
table that will table that. But listen, I'm not moving forward without the proper stuff here, because it's my only I don't think, I don't think you ever claim it'll be. It's me that has to live with it. It's in and if I just had my fucking Gmail, and he didn't sit on it since March, right? And I'm not trying to sit here and get pulled into some kind of unproductive he did this and I did that. Like, why are we doing this? Right? I've spent a time. So let's pull back into shit.

Speaker 3  15:52:13
Let's so let's just, let's, let's just,

Liam Gallacher  15:52:19
let's just figure out what's been like because we we can only table stuff for so long. Yeah, sure. I mean,

Joseph Guzel  15:52:25
we can always make

Unknown Speaker  15:52:26
it an let's just look at like, if that,

Joseph Guzel  15:52:30
if an LPA amendment makes more sense, then we can go that route. Right.

Liam Gallacher  15:52:35
So Joe just shoot me out. So the content, so the contentious ones are five A,

Unknown Speaker  15:52:46
five A,

McLain Southworth  15:52:49
which also contributes to exhibit Yeah.

Liam Gallacher  15:52:53
Exhibit A, yeah, like exhibit a

McLain Southworth  15:52:58
or no, sorry, Exhibit

Unknown Speaker  15:52:59
C. Sorry, to see which ones

Joseph Guzel  15:53:02
are you talking about, yeah, and again, exhibit word for the record. You get all reserve

Liam Gallacher  15:53:07
decision, just so, so, so, five A, five A, we'll talk about

Joseph Guzel  15:53:12
So, yeah, so again, like the exhibits for the record were intended to be something that we can use to actually do constructive work going forward, I agree. Take two seconds,

Unknown Speaker  15:53:25
13. So 13, Exhibit B, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:53:36
okay, guys, something for May 5. I propose something, and they're in like, McLean

Liam Gallacher  15:53:46
can go away. McLean can go away and write something down. But I think, I think, like, I think what we really need to do with all these contentious things is we need to lay it all out on the table. And come to a middle ground. That's my view.

Joseph Guzel  15:54:00
Okay, sure that. And that was my attempt here. Like, like, again, doesn't say anything about a anything from before that he did. Because why would I do that? Plenty right, and not even going to surface any of that for you. Now, it doesn't say, and it doesn't say anything about, you know,

Liam Gallacher  15:54:24
let's keep going. Let's keep going, Joe, let's keep going. So you're on 14. I like, I don't see any issue with, like, 14 seems, yeah. NOTICE This was

Joseph Guzel  15:54:34
something from, from Latham. I think that it just protects both of us and the fund, there is a more stupidity. Well,

Liam Gallacher  15:54:41
clean. You can go away and look at 14, and you can let me know, yeah, right. Like, I think 15. I think 15 is like, we should. I don't think

Unknown Speaker  15:54:51
we, can

Joseph Guzel  15:54:56
it's just a hygiene clause driven by the fact that I still don't have access to my business. Yeah, sure, right. Okay, cool. And then soften the language around reinstatement and super admin rights, and then the transitional third party thing like we do need to figure out we just this happened because of an absence of internal controls, we probably would have still had this conversation, just way later or never, like so, you know, maybe there was some silver lining. So

Liam Gallacher  15:55:25
16 is incomplete, because if it says to the extent either managers online for access system, such access and restored, okay, that's fine. 16 is fine.

Joseph Guzel  15:55:34
Yeah. I mean, the idea was give me back my email so I can make money. Because it's kind of it's again, silver lining is it got us to have this conversation section 17, but, but the very bad lining is everything else with the portfolio, formal access and data governance, policy, this is just the next, redundant, yeah, I

Liam Gallacher  15:55:58
think it's 17. These

Joseph Guzel  15:56:01
are all. These are all again, a real lawyer. I think,

Liam Gallacher  15:56:03
I think we could, like, I think you could merge, you could merge 1516, and 17 into one. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:56:10
we're just this. We're just talking and so then 20 future funds and attribution. It's, again, one of the important looking ones. I mean, I mean, look like, like I said on the last call. You know, we're going to have to have a bilateral, or, sorry, a, what is called a bifurcation, and formally, of attribution. That's not to say that. That's not to say, like, I've said a zillion times that, that I haven't thought of solutions that make a shit ton of sense, that work without doing some crazy test, but like, I need to own my narrative, and we're getting divorced, we're not together, so let's stop pretending like we're going to be together after this. Because I'm sorry. I don't think anyone's pretending that we are. Yeah, it's, it's but, but we can still be respectful and make sure that you know we're set up for

McLain Southworth  15:57:03
success. I mean, I mean, we've been on attribution this entire time, right? And we can't point to things totally relationship, but it's just like, totally got you the attribution is with Haven,

Joseph Guzel  15:57:17
I took that into account. Like, and we're we, I feel like, in the last call, we made a lot of progress on that, because,

Liam Gallacher  15:57:25
though we made no progress on it, essentially, I said that you should not go there. McLean said you should not go there. And then you read it, you

Joseph Guzel  15:57:31
wrote it in there. Well, yeah, you guys suggested that we should not go there, and I took your suggestion and just and, and that's fine, and that and I came to

Liam Gallacher  15:57:41
your suggestion, you said, she said, that's great. I'm gonna do it anyways,

Joseph Guzel  15:57:45
right? But we're getting divorced here, and I'm doing what's in the best. I'm gonna

Liam Gallacher  15:57:52
tell you right now. Okay, I talked to Ben about this. I've talked to lots of people about it. At the end of the day, you guys decided to be partners. Okay, still partners? No, no, just you, right. You decide to be partners. Yeah, okay. You've, you've clearly told, but you clearly said on this call, that you have no employees. You have no other people working for you, so it's just the two of you, right? And so no matter what you say or do now, it's, as I said, I just, I just feel like it's, it's, it's too late to do this, in my view,

Joseph Guzel  15:58:28
no, like I got, you know that look again, a lot of assumptions as to whether or not there's a solve here, that if there are willing collaborators on both sides that are willing to actually, you know, I'm trying to get us. I'm sitting here saying I'm working here's

Liam Gallacher  15:58:49
here's Okay. So we've been on this call for an hour and a half, and we went through the we went through essentially the meat of the document, because essentially all the exhibit a exhibit A, B, and C funnel through the total document. Correct. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:59:04
B and C are just it was a lot of yeah it was a lot of work so it's pretty comprehensive. Lot of work. So it's pretty comprehensive like

Liam Gallacher  15:59:13
so when I look at it, there are, call it. There are five major issues with that that both you, that both you and McLean disagree on. So five A, Exhibit B and C, number 1013, and 21. Correct? Is there anything more McLean,

Joseph Guzel  15:59:31
five A again, exhibits, the exhibits, I would say for the fifth time, sorry to interrupt you, McLean, they are intended. They were intended to be something that we could actually get work done from, not to be codified in. This is a term sheet, not the amended receipt.

Liam Gallacher  15:59:48
No, I agree with you. I agree with you. I'm just saying, I'm just, I'm just saying that. So you're assuming that

Joseph Guzel  15:59:53
the exhibit B has to deal with the attribution in a way that maybe it doesn't, but you're assuming it respectfully.

Liam Gallacher  15:59:59
I'm just, all I'm saying is that these are the ones that you guys I can, I can easily tell that neither you guys agree on these. So these are the ones that we'd have to probably actually, like, have a, have a call solely on them.

Joseph Guzel  16:00:10
Yeah, it's, it's a and, yeah, sure,

Liam Gallacher  16:00:15
so it's so McClain. Is there anything else? Is there any other

McLain Southworth  16:00:19
21 years? Yeah, 2121

Liam Gallacher  16:00:22
again. I just include 21

Joseph Guzel  16:00:24
sorry. What's I mean, you guys, are we? Are we sure,

McLain Southworth  16:00:28
right? Certified to Joseph Guzel under Exhibit B shall be deemed his sole authorship and intellectual property. It may be used independently of the GP,

Joseph Guzel  16:00:37
right? Yeah, it's my attribution,

Liam Gallacher  16:00:41
but that's right. So, yeah, attribution, the attribution

Joseph Guzel  16:00:43
is contentious. Yeah, it's standard attribution language, so, but that's not to say that that we, I haven't thought of ways that are unbelievably good in because we, we have not discussed what the heck everybody really wants or needs, or what we're doing here, like it's, you know, but like we're getting divorced, but we still have the thing, and we both need to do stuff with our lives. And I'm not trying to screw your life up or not give you credit for a thing that you co built, right? So however, I need to control. I need to I have to look after my family, my life as well. So So, and I

McLain Southworth  16:01:35
wouldn't zero attribution this entire time,

Joseph Guzel  16:01:38
right? Great, that's cool, right? And that's fine, like, and that wasn't codified. And I'm not trying to get specific here. I'm just, I'm saying that we can find ways where everybody, I mean, that's been the operating

McLain Southworth  16:01:56
assumption that we've had this entire time.

Joseph Guzel  16:01:58
Great, okay, and I was assuming, I was I was assuming that I was gonna have a haven too, after we've been on this

Liam Gallacher  16:02:09
about for an hour and a half. This is over an hour and a half so on.

Joseph Guzel  16:02:14
Okay, yeah, this has been a long one. Guys here. How about this? How about you guys, like, take some time to actually, like, absorb, respectfully, I'm not trying to be a dick. This was a lot of fucking work that I put in. Okay, Joe, we're not, we're not. Well, we did absorb it. No, not really, because I spent an hour and a half defending myself, and it took an hour to which is not a mediation, respectfully, and before we were running through this thing, and

Liam Gallacher  16:02:41
Joe, you gave First off, one, you sent a red line that wasn't a red line. Two, then you send us a new document that we did.

Joseph Guzel  16:02:51
We're not lawyers.

Liam Gallacher  16:02:53
I understand that. I'm not a lawyer either. But what I'm saying, though, is, is that, like the red line, it mattered for one three you went through it, which is exactly what we need to do for this call, because we need to, we need to figure out

Joseph Guzel  16:03:08
something. And you guys didn't send me shit to work off of. Every shit there is very generic. So what I got, I handed you guys was something you can work off of. So let's go work Joe.

Liam Gallacher  16:03:17
I'm not disagreeing with you on that, but what I'm saying is, is that we figured out, like

Joseph Guzel  16:03:21
I gave you a gift, like I did you. We

Liam Gallacher  16:03:25
figured out the five, the five areas that are everything else in there, McLean seems McClain and you seem to agree on so there's five areas in which that you guys don't agree on. So now what we're going

Joseph Guzel  16:03:38
to do fairly like it's not that we don't agree on them. I made an attempt to come to a middle ground based on the last mediation session, right?

Liam Gallacher  16:03:47
And so what I'm saying is, is that now that we know where the the areas of disagreement are okay. Now we can actually have now we can have phone calls directly targeted at those things,

Joseph Guzel  16:03:57
and sure, yeah. And so that's

Liam Gallacher  16:04:00
what I'm saying. What I'm saying is that that's

Joseph Guzel  16:04:04
we don't need five we don't need that much work, because it's really two things that I came from, from the last call that I was actually solving for not working around, because the two things that I got that were really important to my partner here are may 5 and attribution. Now that's the mindset that I took when I crafted this stuff. And the idea is those, those things are hard because one of them is harder than the other, which is the latter most likely, because it's about what is hap, what happens next, which we don't know, right? So the more that we are open about that kind of stuff and sincerely helping each other, knowing that we're not going to be operating as a partnership in the next iteration of our lives, right and our realities, but as friends, hopefully that those are taken into account, so that we're both not slaves to our own constructs here, like that's it. So
