Liam Gallacher  11:07:38
Trading on the on the on the operational thing. I think that's good, that's, that's a good thing. I think what we should, we should talk about is just kind of like, going forward, how you guys, you know, see you guys spending your time, you know, obviously, I think the LP like, how you guys are going to reach out to LPs. I think we should figure out, like, you know, I think that you should figure out, like, the major ones you should talk to just be like, Hey, we're all good type thing. I think we should figure out kind of, like, a, I actually think like, the narrative should, like, be pretty short and sweet, like, I don't think, I think getting into the details of it's stupid. And if anybody asks for the details, it's kind of like, I kind of use the sports analogy. It's like, what happens in the locker room stays in the locker room like no one else needs to know. But quick

McLain Southworth  11:08:25
question for you, as as an LP, like, if you're if you know that a fund is not potentially kind of raising a second fund, do you need that announced to them, to you, I think, I

Liam Gallacher  11:08:39
think you should, I think that you should let everybody know that, like I thought about, that you're not raising the other fund. I think the biggest thing that, from my perspective, we had a we had a we had a GP, just like, literally, go become the CEO of a portfolio company,

Unknown Speaker  11:08:58
sort of announcement. No,

Liam Gallacher  11:08:59
no, no. She like, she No, she like, let everybody know. So what she did was she emailed everybody just being like, hey, just wanna let everybody know. Like, we're kind of, we're already in reserves. I've decided to, like, not do a fund two, and I've decided to go become the CEO of a portfolio company, and then you just kind of, like, let them know, like, what you're going to do going forward. Like, you kind of just, she just was like, you know, I'll give you guys, you know, quarterly updates, um, I'll set you Kate ones, all that kind of stuff. But just just letting everybody know, just so that there's no, like, I think not saying anything's worse, in my view, think just, you know why? I

McLain Southworth  11:09:39
guess it's kind of the question is, like the expectation of, hey, if someone is managing a first fund, do they need to notify us if they're not raising a second fund? Right?

Liam Gallacher  11:09:51
I think the biggest thing is that you guys aren't I think the bigger thing is that you guys are no longer working together. And you guys think it'd be like if I was an LP, and then out of nowhere, I just got, like, one of your guys's decks being like, Hey, I'm doing this now. I'd be like, I'd call you out and be like, Hey, what the fuck what happened? What do you guys like, you know, like, I think it's just better to just, you know, kind of just put something out there. You don't mean, it's like an email or whatever it

Joseph Guzel  11:10:20
is, we'd have to, I mean, that's perfect. I totally agree with them. I mean, it's, it's, we have incredibly institutional LPs, like, our problem, in my opinion, one of our problems is just we didn't have a clear separation of duties in that, like, and just the cadence of teamwork and stuff, where we did not communicate with you guys. Like, nearly enough. We have eight major LPS which constitute, like, 80% of 80 to 90% of our capital. And then I think something like 60 LPS in total. The long tail is the individuals. And like, you know, like, like, like, those eight are not contacted, or we don't have touch points with them in any kind of regular cadence. It's always pretty happy you

Liam Gallacher  11:11:07
guys send it out quarterly report, right? Like you guys send out stuff like that, like you're not talking to them on a daily basis, no, and I don't think

Joseph Guzel  11:11:15
I'm not suggesting the daily basis at all, but like it's, it's for running an institutional firm. We're just not over communicating, especially with as well as the portfolio is doing, and the fact that part of our product that we marketed for Haven one was one of institutional grade investing, where we're going to play offense with our capital, we're going to take real concentrated risk at the earliest stages, and we're going to qualify that risk because we know how to do it. And here's what we've done, and that we will do the thing that you guys have been wanting and have been lack not getting from the from the larger funds in our space that we're going to out compete, which is getting that, getting those allocations packaged up to you in a nice way, so you guys can go direct and stuff, whether it be SPDs or direct. And you know, part of that was not having a portfolio that was matriculated enough, obviously, is a fund, one that invests at inception for to give you guys shit to invest in, which is that something happened recently, but like the build up to it, we could have productized that better. So, so that's all to say, Fuck yeah. We should tell people what the hell we're

Liam Gallacher  11:12:36
doing. I think, yeah, I think it's, I think it's important, I think it's important to let people know, like, maybe you don't have to send it out, like, if you've got friends and all that kind of stuff. But I think to your major LPs, I think for sure, especially, we've

Joseph Guzel  11:12:49
got, we've got, we've got, I mean, I've got, like, my old boss is the CFO visa, you know, if he's doing a major partnership with structuring, with Hamza, so Hamza can run, yeah, I think, yeah. I think he's somewhere Haven VC inbox, I hope not, because I think that, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  11:13:04
I think that at the end of the day, I think that you should know. I think you guys should, you guys should draft something. I'm happy to help you draft it. And I think that you should just send out something that makes sense and lets everybody know, like, hey, like, like, obviously, like, we have a facier responsibility to fund one. We're going to keep managing that together. Um, we're both going to go and start our own funds. And, you know, we'd love the opportunity to kind of talk to you about that and move forward. I think that's what I would be doing, just because you just want it. You'd rather, you'd rather it be a

Joseph Guzel  11:13:41
Yeah, so many of my friends are LPs. Remember like it's, it's my friends, my mentors, my like, most of the individuals are from my network over the years, from 21 years old to now, like people I interact with every day. And so, like, part of this is also my reputational cleanup that has to happen.

Liam Gallacher  11:14:02
And so

McLain Southworth  11:14:04
McLean, what were you gonna say? I was just gonna say, I think, I think kind of order of operations is, is, first of all, we get to this fund where we're kind of, you know, at least announcing, you know, we're officially in reserves, right? And then kind

Joseph Guzel  11:14:18
of do is quarterly report, though, yeah,

McLain Southworth  11:14:20
we could do it. We could do it in the quarterly report, or we could do it separately. We did

Joseph Guzel  11:14:24
that in the last quarterly report. I mean, we're super, like, detailed on the numbers and but I have a strong opinion that, like, the order of operations, because I'm living the the all the shit every day from like, what's going on from the First off is the founders, like, like, period, like, we have to triage that. I don't care about anybody else, right? Without them, we don't have a portfolio, we don't have a business, we don't have any money. Nothing doesn't matter. Track record doesn't matter, attribution doesn't matter. So, like, we triage those guys and gals together, because it's, it's that it's take two seconds, because it's what the fuck is going on with McLean. They're not pleased with you, man, so we got to fix that.

Liam Gallacher  11:15:09
Oh, what do you mean by that? Well, because they're

Joseph Guzel  11:15:11
all like, I don't want them to not like McLean, because they're, they're

Liam Gallacher  11:15:15
like, but what did McLean do to like, like, I don't

Joseph Guzel  11:15:20
have, well, because I don't have my access and stuff, they've, they're, they're in our drama, is all I'm saying. I'm not pointing fingers. And so it's not good for haven if, if they don't, if they're not stoked about everything, and don't think that we're all cool. So they so there's a feeling McLean, you know, we're

Liam Gallacher  11:15:37
talking about different things right now. Okay, so there's, there's, there's three buckets, okay, there's the like, Hey, we're in reserves bucket, right? That's one bucket. That's, that's a pretty simple bucket that I think I agree with it, whether you put it in the quarterly report or not. That's, if you want to set up a separate email, just put in the quarterly report. I think that's simple. Okay, that's simple, but that's the first one. I agree with you on that McLean. Then the second one is, you go to all your founders, and you you talk, you talk about, hey, like, yeah, there was some bullshit that happened. You don't say that word. I'll even more eloquent. But you say, We're all good now move forward. And I don't think you do that in an email. I think you do that like on the phone or, okay, three, then you have the LP, reach out, like, the LP reach out, being like, hey, just an FYI. And by the way, like with that the these founders. It's also concurrent with the LPS that know about the situation that you guys are in as well, right? So that's one, that's one thing, and then there's the other, the other, the other reach out, which is, hey, just an FYI. Joe and I are going to go our separate ways. As you know, as we said in our q2 or whatever it is, quarterly report, we said that we were in reserve, so we, Joe and I will be managing that effectively together, but for the purposes of a fund two, we'll be going off and doing our own things separately, and you just move on from there. And then that's kind of how I at least see it going forward. And even, even when you talk to like the LPs, who know about what's what this situation, you can even kind of say, hey, look, we're going to go our separate ways, and we're going to go to our own thing and move on. So I think that that's at least how I see it going. Obviously, this is all you do this all after you sign the operating agreement. So the operating agreement. So the operating agreements, like the number one thing, that's what kind of kicks everything off. So you get the operating agreement done. You both agree. You both sign. It's an extension of your GP operating agreement ready. So it's like, it's in there. Then you move forward, and you go from there. And then that's when you're starting to, you know, Joe gets his comms back and all this bullshit. What's,

Joseph Guzel  11:18:01
what's the so, going through that list, what do you mean with this? Communicate to everybody that we're in reserves. I've never, like, heard of this before. Like, what does that mean? Exactly?

Liam Gallacher  11:18:18
I think you, I think you, I think you sit there and say, You just say, hey, like, we're, what's it mean to buy in reserves, like we're not in, like the investment period is over. You're saying

Joseph Guzel  11:18:27
to announce that the initial investment period is

Liam Gallacher  11:18:29
over? Yeah, exactly, yeah, the investment periods over any money, that's investment

Joseph Guzel  11:18:33
periods over, because I'm not, and I we need to run an analysis on

McLain Southworth  11:18:42
the fund. Sorry, I didn't hear you. I think your microphone. Oh,

Joseph Guzel  11:18:45
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The the initial investment period is effectively over in that like, we're not we don't have, like, another year of new investments to do, but like, we still should probably make some new investments, and I need to analyze our portfolio like it's, it's just, just now we have up rounds coming. We need to figure out what to do with other assets. What we should put triage, you know, how we should move the money? What we should Yeah, well,

McLain Southworth  11:19:14
I guess, I guess my question is, is, I mean, this goes back to an earlier phone call. I thought, maybe I'm wrong, but kind of the agreement was that we were thinking about, you know, maybe doing Tiger re as, like, the only investment that's on the table right now. We

Joseph Guzel  11:19:29
don't, we don't necessarily have to do any other new investments, but that doesn't necessarily mean that that's the thing that's going to make us all the most money in light of doing everything else that we're going to do. You know, I think it's in our best interest to just have the best portfolio possible and to not get caught up in semantics about like,

McLain Southworth  11:19:47
well. So I think, I think, I think the problem is, if you wanted to go and spend time on building another fund, it's kind of hard to do it when the fund is not in reserves, right? It's really hard to do it if

Joseph Guzel  11:20:04
the fund is not in the fund. So, so the fund has been in reserves since 2023 because we, we don't, yeah,

McLain Southworth  11:20:13
but I'm talking about exclusively and like not making that if the fund is

Joseph Guzel  11:20:17
over when we're that much invested and deployed, is the is, I think the mindset here, because, like in June, we got to pay all the accounting crap, we're going to be at like 85% called invested and deployed with reserves. All those things are a reality, and that and that can be, and that's even without a tiger re or, you know, two other checks or whatever like like that might pop up opportunistically. And the only thing that will bring money back into the table for us to then use that money as reserves with recycling, to either give it back to folks like Liam, which would be nice, or to put it to work in other investments that are working to compound the multiple probability of making more money is shutting shit down that should be shut down or trying to like, like sock. There's the sock situations, and there's the ones like the wheel D's or the Voltas or whatever. Where like are we going to really make money from these? What's in the best interest of us, collectively,

McLain Southworth  11:21:20
yeah, but a lot of like, the line downs and things like that. I mean, that's all stuff that is, like, you can do as a fund that's in reserves. I think, I think I'm

Joseph Guzel  11:21:31
not being combative. It doesn't make sense to say, like, that's all we are funded reserves.

Liam Gallacher  11:21:40
Yeah, Joe, just hold on. Just wait, just wait. I think, I think we're talking, I think we're, I think we're, I think we're, I think we're misconstruing what we mean. So, yeah, forgive me, what I'm what I'm saying. So what I'm saying is, is that you guys, this was funded in what, 2021, 2020, Feb, Feb was the final close, 2020. Final close.

Joseph Guzel  11:22:03
2023, end of 20.

Liam Gallacher  11:22:05
Okay, so it was, it was a four year investment period. What

Joseph Guzel  11:22:08
we have a five year initial investment period on the schedule, but I put this goal, but to call the game clock right now is something that I'm worried we might hurt our portfolio, unless we do put spot into it, right?

Liam Gallacher  11:22:21
So, so I think, what I think, what McLean is saying, and and Joe, I think that we can talk about it again. I thought, I thought we were, I thought we were, like, somewhat in agreement on it was that was passive aggressive. What I just said, and I take back that we can talk about it again. I thought we were in agreement on this and so and so. My view is, is that what is look if you, if you want to shut down stock, or you want to shut down these other things and get some money back and reinvest it in something else, I don't know there's a big deal with that. I think what McLean is saying is, if we're already 85% if we're already 85% called, right? And you were going to leave the remaining 15% as reserves for, like, follow on investments and shit, like that,

McLain Southworth  11:23:09
fees, etc, that stuff, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  11:23:13
and that's what we mean. And you can, okay, we're it's not as if we're saying,

Joseph Guzel  11:23:21
Yeah, hey,

Liam Gallacher  11:23:24
we're only, we're calling it 85% we're never going to call another dollar. Move forward. That's that's not

Joseph Guzel  11:23:29
I told okay, I'm in alignment. I got you guys now. Okay, so, so here's something we should figure out, not necessarily on this call, because regardless of what McLean is doing or I'm doing, we still have board seats here, right? And that's a huge time commitment in the absence of reserves or checks like that's a lot of fucking time and a lot of energy that keeps from running other businesses and stuff. Which is, which is, it's, it's more, it's more that's, that's more manageable, if other things are figured out, like just mechanically. So Okay, are we so is the thinking? Is the thinking that we wouldn't get to 100% called, and that we're not going to do that on the fund, so that or, or, or are we actually going to get to 100% of invested capital, either through calling or recycling or both, or 120% consciously, because we have to, because forecast is the thing, or do we actually just, like call it and not spend 100%

McLain Southworth  11:24:51
No, no, no, no, we spend 100% so we still make capital calls to do reserve investments, is what I'm saying. So you

Liam Gallacher  11:24:58
can, you can make those call. You can make those calls at any point during the during the fund,

McLain Southworth  11:25:02
yeah, so we could, we could call 100% that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying like the remaining of the capital that we have is to support our existing portfolio. So we move from an investing Fund, which is, this is a nomenclature, an investing fund to an invested fund, meaning that we actually just have made totally

Joseph Guzel  11:25:23
understand, yeah, I got you so, so. So, the the art here is because we still have to deliver a good fund. So we, I can take the to do here of actually coming to an opinion for us with an analysis of like, what? What should we do? Like? Have we done enough investments actually? I think, I think we have, because of our winners and our ownership and this and that, but we got to make sure, like, like, it like, like, if we had, if we had some kind of early exit to return the fees, or start, to start, like, the clock on returning fees, like, I was trying to propose before all this happened, McLean with elixir, right, which I think we should revisit that, because that's a huge solve. Because if we're just sitting at like, 85% let's say, and nothing happens. Or 90% we've actually only invested like 60% or like, like 70% of the capital.

McLain Southworth  11:26:29
First post, yeah, but I think, and maybe I'm speaking on behalf of people like Liam, I think, I think the idea is that we make the best decisions with the capital. We have to support the portfolio. That the best decision is not to call the capital then, then the LPs are happy with that, right? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  11:26:47
but, well, the LPs are going to be happy with making money, right?

McLain Southworth  11:26:50
I agree, but I'm saying that we're making the decision, right? But I think, I think,

Liam Gallacher  11:26:54
Joe, I think that calling capital, just for the sake of calling capital, is a waste of time. We think, at the end of the day, I don't believe that, maybe I don't think forever, yeah, I'm not saying you're gonna do that. I'm just saying that at the end of the day, what McLean saying is, is that, let's say hums is doing, like, what do they just do? Just do a series a series B, Series B. Okay, so let's say, let's say, let's say sums is doing a series C. Let's say it's a fucking awesome investment. You're like, this is great. Well, you can call it call reserves for that. Or if brick dynamics is doing a raise, and you want to, you want to invest in brick dynamics, you do, do a you do a call for that. It's what, what, what? What McLean is essentially saying is, he's saying that, like, if I went and started, I went and started a company, like, four months from now, and it's this fucking awesome, great company. You wouldn't be able to invest in it because it's a new investment. Does that make sense?

Joseph Guzel  11:27:52
But plan, yeah, and,

McLain Southworth  11:27:54
oh, sorry, go ahead, bud. Sorry. I think the reason why this is also important too, as we think about next steps. And if you raise another fund, it's and again, correct me if I'm wrong. Liam, but like, it's hard to invest out of a new fund if the other fund that you're a part of is, is, is not in kind of the Oh no.

Liam Gallacher  11:28:15
Like, I think that Silicon Valley, like, was really good about that. They were, they were totally happy to raise money all the time. I don't think it's that. I think the thing that I'm more concerned with is that it's look like new board. There's a reason. There's a reason why we're in this spot. Neither like we're, you know, you guys don't want to do you don't want to work together anymore, and that's okay. I don't think that there should be I think what we should be doing is, is that we should be trying to solve for that going forward and

Joseph Guzel  11:28:53
and to be and by the way, this is one of the things that in the heat of all this stuff was, like, came off super wrong in the in the earlier iterations of these discussions, just because, like, if, if I have the majority of the board seats here and there, the value drivers, and I'm and I'm kind of, I'm compounding my thesis on top of a thesis on top of A thesis, and I'm incented to deliver for everybody, because we all make the same money, yeah, and we're all good, right? Because, because McLean on the on that, like, first call, like, when we almost, it was, like, flashback to Omar la out getting fired from crosslink, a little bit where, like, it was start carving up, like, the carcass. It's like, these board seats, these board seats, and I, and all I was thinking about the whole time because, you know, I spend all day obsessing about our portfolio construction is, is like, Oh God, like, Please, let's, let's not keep like, things alive and shit, and not prune the tree so more fruit can grow for us to eat because of something stupid, Like longevity of fees and stuff which will, like, that doesn't matter. Like everybody should just be playing to make the most money here. I

McLain Southworth  11:30:05
agree. Yeah, I think, I think, I think,

Joseph Guzel  11:30:09
I think we moved away from that is, is so. So when I was, when I was trying to propose, like, investment decision shit, I'm just going to have more perfect information. So I think, like, figuring out that's why the partner meeting stuff is important, or some cadence going forward, once I have a fund and you have whatever is is important, because I want us to keep making money. Yeah, what

Liam Gallacher  11:30:32
did you want to say? Sorry, I didn't. I didn't, we didn't. You wanted to say something about printing the tree. Yeah. So,

Joseph Guzel  11:30:40
what did you miss?

Liam Gallacher  11:30:43
No, I'm just saying that McLean was trying to say something. You win, yeah. So, like, like,

Joseph Guzel  11:30:49
pruning the tree. It's, it's if, like, let's say something. Let's say, God forbid, Hamza got impaired, or some shit happened. We lost JP Morgan. Like, okay, well, what do we do? We can't, like, we have, we have capital, so it looks like we have to make decisions about it would be prudent to, like, make additional investments. Or, I guess, is it clear in our LPA or that we, once we call the initial investment period is over? Can we not make a single net new or consummate a single net new investment? Is that true?

McLain Southworth  11:31:24
I it is. The language is defined in the LPA. I don't remember off the top of my head what it says. I can probably figure it

Joseph Guzel  11:31:32
out now. Yeah, it's, this is the stuff I'm talking about. Like, like, to be clear, it's just to to make sure that we're, you know, we got our fortress. Sorry, one sec, guys, my my wife's not here. This FedEx delivery, guys, here, I'll be two seconds. I'm sorry. Okay,

McLain Southworth  11:31:51
about bank and investing, fund into an invested I put all of our legal docs in chat GPT so I can reference them.

Joseph Guzel  11:32:05
Nice,

McLain Southworth  11:32:17
probably be talking Friday too. Okay, so the investment period is defined as a period starting on the initial closing date and ending on the earliest of the fifth anniversary of the final admission date, the date when all remaining capital commitments net of reserves are zero.

Liam Gallacher  11:32:38
Where did you guys reserve? Huh? What did you guys have for reserves?

McLain Southworth  11:32:42
I mean, it's undefined, and so it's like, that's, that's what we have to define right now.

Joseph Guzel  11:32:47
Yeah, I can tell. I can put the model, no, no. So, okay, so,

Liam Gallacher  11:32:51
Joe, what you missed was, so, McLean says that the initial investment, so, the, so the the reserves period starts when it's either the earliest of five years from the initial investment period or close or whatever it is, to when your fund has called capital, and then you subtract off what you've earmarked for reserves, it equals zero. And I don't think that that the reserves is defined.

McLain Southworth  11:33:29
No, it's not. Yeah, so if we define the reserves, and we're kind of basically, we're saying is, if we define the reserves and we're kind of in that percentage range. Then that's the end of the investment period. And then what happens post investment period is no new portfolio investments may be made, except for permitted purposes. Per minute. Purposes includes follow ons, investments in process, investments approved by the advisory committee, management fees, expenses and repayment of indebtedness.

Joseph Guzel  11:34:00
Yeah, okay. The I mean, sharing, can you give me? Sharing? Yeah, I'll take it to do on, on putting all the since we'll meet tomorrow, on putting something together so we can all, like, see the data. I'd want to do this for for a few days now, I just haven't had the time. Okay, that we

Liam Gallacher  11:34:26
should define, I think we should define what the reserves are, right? So like 15% 15% would be 6 million bucks. So of your fund roughly like 10% 4 million so.

Joseph Guzel  11:34:44
So here's our this is the reserves model not properly adjudicated against q1 and q2 this is from, I don't know, 10 days ago, but this is our AUM, right here. Can you guys see this? Okay, yeah. And then these are all active investments. We've had to write offs, and we're going to have, you know, there'll be more because we be, you know, this is everything from 2223 2425 in process. And then I put here kind of a swag at a reserves calendar, like a fundraising calendar, kind of this is just like, what's, what's decisions that are going to happen here or need to be made in the portfolio coming up based on what we know and what we don't know and what we got to figure out. So we know that we'll be for example, which was from, you know, 2023, January. And value driver here, to be clear, is defined as, do they make revenue? Do they have a path to cash flow break even in the absence of raising a bunch more money? And then this is months since the first investment, percent commit, percent of the fund, percent commit with reserves. This is the earmarked reserves that, in some cases, there wasn't decisions made yet on these things. I just have it in there for modeling purposes, based on whether it's a value driver or not. And

McLain Southworth  11:36:30
how did you define value driver? Like, why is Corgi not a value driver? Well,

Joseph Guzel  11:36:35
because it's brand new and and and they're not, and they're not literally making revenue that can end and can get the cash flow break even. Yeah. So, so by virtue, like, anything new that we would do that is usually going to fit that criteria, I just that's exactly what we did at crosslink to figure out, like, to try and get, like, Where's our money going? Is it going against value drivers or not, and our time and our efforts. So Hamza value driver, right? We're, you know, 5.44 in that's 12% of the fund. This is what we're banking on, is our power law outcome, and that's why we've deployed several rounds of reserves in there, and we own, as of today, 8.19% and a DCF to $2.6 billion solid. And even though they're not making revenue right this second, we know that they are contractually making it right. So it's happening. We'll be is not a value driver, because they don't fit that criteria. But we also don't know enough about that one yet. McLean, we should figure we should learn a bit more here and what to

McLain Southworth  11:37:51
do. I think we could. We could probably do this offline

Joseph Guzel  11:37:58
call. I'd like to, I'll put together something that we can actually, yeah,

McLain Southworth  11:38:02
yeah. I think, I think, because I move the opinion that, you know, because we also have to project for fees and everything over, you know, the next six years, right? That's what, yeah. So,

Liam Gallacher  11:38:16
essentially, so what you do? So this is how I would do it. So I would do it guys, you take you take your you take your fees, take your fees over the next. How many years is it eight?

McLain Southworth  11:38:30
Well, let's say 10 years. 10 years. Let me, let me,

Joseph Guzel  11:38:33
our fund is modeled out to for us to without recycling for eight years. Let me be really clear, given how we invested, see so i How about we? I think we should table this so that I can put the data together, so that

Liam Gallacher  11:38:48
we make just table it. But I think, but I think what, what I'd be, what I'd make sure of Joe, is, I make sure of that, that the reserve, like the first, the first line item that matters in my view, going forward, is management fees, costs, etc. Like, those are the things that I'd forecast first, okay? And then I would figure that out. That because, that, because, here's the thing I'll tell you right now, if you guys, if you guys go and make all, let's say, let's say you blow through your reserves. Okay, you blow through them all, and you invest in all these great companies. I'm gonna tell you right now my mom is not sending you more money. Yeah? Like, if we're at 100% called and you say, Hey, I'm not making any money, my mom says, Too fucking bad, and hangs the phone up. Yeah, exactly. And then, and then you guys are like so, you know. So

McLain Southworth  11:39:40
also, there's also the risk of having to pay operating fees out of pocket, because we, well, a

Joseph Guzel  11:39:46
duro will drop us straight up, so like, our service providers will drop us all that shit. So

Liam Gallacher  11:39:51
I'm not, and I'm not, I'm not, I'm not saying that you haven't done this, Joe. I'm just saying that, like you've got 50, you've got, you've got 7 million bucks, six and a half million bucks to play with going forward, after you guys call for every set, after you guys call for Hamza pay. Is that right? You guys are calling a million and a half. Is that right? Over the next

Joseph Guzel  11:40:11
we need to do a about five, four to $5 million capital call in June. So that looks like, you know, Eight 9% and that gets you to 85% Yeah. And in the absence of any new investments this year, that's that's including a consummation of something like Tiger read McLean, that's fine. What would be, and that's with any that also solves for, like, I think, a couple reserves checks. I did this math on a swag a couple 10 days ago. I'll put it together for you guys. I'm sorry I don't have something.

Liam Gallacher  11:40:42
Don't worry. I just,

McLain Southworth  11:40:43
I just want, I just, I learned, looked at the docs, and this is just the clarification point. So the total fund life for Haven ventures, fund one is 10 years from the first drawdown date, plus up to three one year extensions, right?

Liam Gallacher  11:41:01
And can you can charge fees in those extensions? Yes,

Joseph Guzel  11:41:06
we end at year 10 net of extensions without at fee base of 1.5 million. So that what McLean is trying to trying to say is it's supposed to start ratcheting down in a year from now, right

McLain Southworth  11:41:19
at year five, it starts rationing down 1.25 and we

Joseph Guzel  11:41:22
are in year four, right? Yeah, yeah. So, so we're for

McLain Southworth  11:41:26
management fees, and then management fees. So actually, it's a good question. Let me see,

Joseph Guzel  11:41:34
yeah, so, so on question for you. Liam on that just so why? Why wouldn't given the why wouldn't LPS wire more money contractually? Because it's not, it's what

Liam Gallacher  11:41:56
I'm saying, Joe, is what I'm saying is, is that if I'm in your situation, I'm solving for fees first, because there's no LP that will ever send you money for fees like you sit there. If you say hey, and I'm not saying that a drawer or these guys, whatever, if you just say hey, I'm really sorry I fucked up. Yeah, I said a bunch of I forgot, or I over, I miscalculated for fees, every LP is just going to tell you to

Joseph Guzel  11:42:28
fuck off. So then, do you think a good, a good thing for me to pull together, for us to look at, is like, basically call scenarios like that. Like, should be called down, given what the forecast could look like, Should McLean and I call down 100% of capital by this time or not? Or in this case,

Liam Gallacher  11:42:52
no, no. I think, I think what we're trying to determine right now, Joe is like, what is a reasonable amount for reserves, like, what is the reasonable percentage? Because we, because you two, have to define it, once you guys define it, okay, then you go, then you go to the then you go to the test, and you figure out when your initial period is is done or not. So

Joseph Guzel  11:43:11
it's, it's whether or not we call the initial period this year or not. Is the ultimate question. Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  11:43:16
well, you're essentially saying is 15% the right number, 12 and a half, 10%

Joseph Guzel  11:43:21
and whatever backs in that would back into the narrative for fundraising and future. Yeah, then that's going to tell us what we need to say is what I'm Yes, gotcha,

McLain Southworth  11:43:32
Joe, if you need help on on this, Joe Santucci is supposed to be really good at this type of book. He's not.

Joseph Guzel  11:43:42
He's the the mike pro hammers is rock solid. I build these things with Mike. Now I build these models, but his stuff is Mike. Mike has the best kind of viewpoint into this. He's he's become really so, so So, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  11:43:58
I think that's kind of what we're trying to solve for here. But like, look like, candidly, like, I think that given, like, what's transpired the last called six to eight months, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:44:14
like,

Liam Gallacher  11:44:18
I wouldn't be, like, it's different for, like, recycling perspective, right? Like, if, let's say, you close down three, three companies, or whatever, someone comes and buys these three companies for something, you get some money back. You're still allowed to recycle, pretty sure. Like, but, but you're only allowed to recycle during the investment period, I'm pretty sure. So, like, once the investment period's over, then, like, think that it's a difficult it's a difficult proposition during

Joseph Guzel  11:44:47
the investment period, the initial investment period, or the investment period, the initial investment period, yeah. I mean, how often do you get an exit? Within five years, I've I have the most exits here, and that never happens, right? It's correct.

Liam Gallacher  11:45:01
So I think that like thinking that you're going to be able to recycle money is like the only, the only, the only we

Joseph Guzel  11:45:10
can we could recycle if something happens, which the only thing we can control, Liam are right now, in the absence of some M and A happening, okay, yeah, and so what, I'm so shutting down businesses and to use that capital to either distribute it back to you correct, or to have It fund operations and or subsidize future reserves deployment, and which just like McLean and I did with our two write downs that were early write downs to date. One was a proactive shutdown, which was Dashie dash, which was a $1.3 million investment. And then the other was Pete. And so with, like, with that capital that went back into the trough and and a decision that we can that'll weigh out the data for us to look at and coalesce around in the line around is like, which assets on here, if any, that are not value drivers? Should we do nothing about period? No reserves, no nothing. Just like, Hey, we got you because they we can't turn them into value drivers with within the context of the situation that we have or in the absence of it. Yeah, and then which ones can we be proactive about that can can allow us to, you know?

McLain Southworth  11:46:38
So I think, I think it's kind of to Liam's point is, you start at the fees that we absolutely need and figure out if the remaining capital, hypothetically is enough for us to cover potential follow ons for for, You know, a certain number of companies, right? Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  11:47:03
yeah. And then concurrently, like you and McLean Joe, figure out what you should do with the businesses. Right? If there's a business that's got like, $3 million in cash that sucks that you're like, Fuck you, I want to shut down. So maybe send me some money back. So be it.

Joseph Guzel  11:47:18
We, yeah, we only, there's only, there's only maybe two on here where we could do something like that. But, but claim we should, because I want to make sure that things like Corgi or Apple Luma a year from now, if we need to catalyze around for them or something, that you have options here and I have options. There's my companies as much as yours, so yeah, God forbid some shit happens, like, what happened with every set almost?

McLain Southworth  11:47:46
I think this is kind of why we have this is part of the whole, like, attribution thing. It's like, we manage this as a non ego thing, right? Whatever businesses, and that's something that we have to agree to going forward. It's like, what businesses are the value drivers here, like everything else on the table, like

Joseph Guzel  11:48:07
something like, you know, it's constructed this portfolio, like knowing that, like what we're it's just a different kind of thing at this stage. Like we, we have our ownership. We dollar cost average, right? We deployed reserves. We've deployed $10 million of reserves so far. Or actually, let's see brick out and then super current, like, without any your other earmarking, yeah, we've deployed 10 million bucks of dessert reserves right now so far, which, is literally

McLain Southworth  11:48:46
when again, we can, we can we can do this offline, sure,

Joseph Guzel  11:48:49
yeah, which is 22% of the fund has been deployed in follow on investments, ie reserves, through the course since from 2022 today, which we always said 20 to 30% or up to 20% right, which, so we did exactly the forecast. But what I what I don't want to happen, is an N. Is our n big enough if something goes wrong? Because this is, these are just regression details. Joe, let

Liam Gallacher  11:49:20
me, I think, I think I understand what I'm trying to say. Are you saying that like you would like? Are you saying that you would like, or you're worried that you don't have enough portfolio companies, and that you've already deployed 20% reserves, and you'd want to go find more companies to put

Joseph Guzel  11:49:40
in the portfolio. If we have to do it to be within a standard deviation of returning a 3x net, then I hope we have that option, you know, but, but, but, or it is what it is, because, like it, yeah, yeah. It meant, I don't want to do that to spite I'd rather like have a new fund locked in. Like, if and him have a new fund locked and if McClain and I need to come in and save some of these companies with our new fund. Like, that's easier. That's That's why we wanted an opportunity fund where we talked about stuff like that before all the drama. But like, if suddenly Corgi is becoming Hamza boy, I would like for us to be able to dollar cost average into that. And why

Liam Gallacher  11:50:25
can't you like you if you, if you invest in, we can tell you like you, if you, if you, if you invest in Hamza with initial investment period money. Like, no one cares, right? Like, this is like the whole the whole thing is that your docs are pretty, like, open. I think what the docs really specifically say, though, is you have to define what, when your company, when your fund goes into reserves, because you've called a specific number of capital, okay, so you've already gonna, so by the end of June, you'll have called 85% of the capital. And

Joseph Guzel  11:51:06
we can't close, we can't consummate a new vintage and pop the cork unless we're over 70% invested in reserve, which we are, we, factually are, right? So we're gonna be at 85 in a couple weeks, right? Yeah. So I think, I think

Liam Gallacher  11:51:24
this is the point, right? I think the point is, is that you should just say that you're in reserves since you got 15% left, and then move forward, guys, I'm sorry, I gotta run, yeah?

McLain Southworth  11:51:37
I have to hop too.

Joseph Guzel  11:51:39
Yeah, so, yeah, I can, do you guys want to reconvene later today? Or do

Liam Gallacher  11:51:44
you know, like I'm busy today? Guys

McLain Southworth  11:51:45
talking tomorrow? So I actually talking tomorrow. I'm going to come with more data then, I think after give me a second. You suggested 11 to one tomorrow.

Liam Gallacher  11:52:03
Yeah, I'm good. I mean, I'm Yeah, I'm good. From from I'm going from 11 to two. I'm going from 11 to noon, or let's

McLain Southworth  11:52:14
do 1130 If

Joseph Guzel  11:52:17
so, I guess I didn't realize how important this was for the rest of the stuff guys. So how about this? I will package everything up for you guys to have to digest this evening at the latest, so that we can come into tomorrow with everybody having a formulated

Liam Gallacher  11:52:30
Can you talk at one McLean, because I've got a call from I've got a call from noon to one tomorrow.

McLain Southworth  11:52:39
Yeah, I can, I can move it. I have a meeting,

Joseph Guzel  11:52:41
but I'll move it. Okay, McLean, you want to stick around and talk a couple of the deals if you have or I'll call you later, nevermind, I'm going to jump to you. Thank you. Sorry. Later today. Yeah, it's real quick. Just on cash finance, we were finally getting those docs together. Okay, so what's going to happen is, remember, we had the $2.5 million wired out since, like Feb, and then we had to back into trying to collect dry powder. And we did, and we've we had that all out on a note, at a 25 post or 20 or 25 post cap, when we did actually, what's going to happen is it's going to go 500k at a 15 post cap, alongside matchsticks 1.5 and Hannah Gray's one that's confirmed. So lock in that, and then the other two is going to go straight into boom conversion to definitive docs of a price round, right? Is where it's going to be sitting. And so our 500 converts in at a discount.

McLain Southworth  11:53:49
So we're going to be putting two a price round of what valuation,

Joseph Guzel  11:53:54
yeah. So it'll, it'll go, it'll go, it'll go with, there was two structures, right? There's the safe cap, that's a 15, that's a 15 post host cap, right? And in here. And then there is that a price round, price equity, because we always want shares, right and so right now we have, we have, and this was a question mark up until about yesterday. So today, Haven has our initial was in cast. Was a series seed in October, I think October of 24 and we had done 1.025 mill at a 6.7 5 million post Val equity, okay? And we own something like fully diluted, I think 16% roughly okay to buy the 10th house in Miami. Yeah, we put another two and a half. We had been initially thinking, we came in thinking it was going to be a mill, mill and a half, and then we give them some money for dry powder to consummate this later. So actually, I remember originally, what we're

McLain Southworth  11:55:30
talking about is two different notes, 115, 125, right? And we're thinking about splitting between the two of those. And so now let's which, and I always assume that we'd be putting in 500 of roughly into the 15. But now we're doing a price round on the other one, what's, what's the valuation? Do we think on the price round? So you

Joseph Guzel  11:55:49
said right there, beautifully, right? We want to in a situation like this. We want to end with shares, ideally. So we consummate our markup, right? And we shares, and we're at a new basis. So what, what we coalesced here was that this price round would be a 25 million to 30 million. Post about, post vow priced. So beautiful, right? My

McLain Southworth  11:56:15
only, my only worry with the 30 million is, I think, the market speak that they even thought 25 was too, too expensive.

Joseph Guzel  11:56:25
They're they're wrong. I mean, he's not, he's not a sophisticated fundraiser, yeah,

McLain Southworth  11:56:28
but I think, but we do have to, I mean, we do have to plan for the fact that they had, would have to kind of at least beat that threshold for the next run of capital,

Joseph Guzel  11:56:35
right? There'll be a 12 million of run rate by the end of this year, and they're going to buy a new firm. I mean, I'm not that worried about it like you know, I actually think that's where the markets coalescing around our portfolio. We've seen it a few times now with brick dynamics at 27 and a half last fall, on the note structure. I wish those were shares with every set, quite literally right now, 27 and a half to 30 post, and then with now this, you know, Matt wants to do 25 so we're in the range. Let's just say, Yeah, okay, like, this is not, this is not a contentious thing. It's, it's, it's more where I push them on this stuff. McLean is because of their the founders specific equity holding situation today, like, like for Eve rum, Matt Joey, they don't own enough of their businesses, and so so can they they have one or two more moves before they need to make a decision to exit or something, and where is the business going to be in those moves, in the absence of it having a larger end market, like a Hamza, right? Because, like, they're they're at 40% collectively in cast Joey and Matt, they're at 40% collectively at every set i And if you look at every single investment that you ever been a part of, from inception to today, like whether it's like a roofer or Novo or chime, like the breakouts, like chimes, which I've only seen a few cap tables like that, where, if they're gonna go public, you're gonna own like, 5% right? Like Larry's like the outlier, owning 11 or something like that, because he didn't raise much money until until the end. But like Chris Britt, Ryan King, and so that's a different that's a good problem to have. Everybody else is 15 to 25% Yeah, they exit. And it's it's so consistent that you know what's going to happen at this point. So over here, all that's happening is our two and a half it's already baked. Is going to go along. We're going to put 500k at the 15 post cap, which the bummer is, this should have been more, but we didn't have. We had to use it as a lure to get more capital in, which you're super helpful with, with matchstick and with Hannah. So that's 500k that is baked plus matchsticks 1.5 plus Hannah graze one. It's great if they came in for one. And then all of this converts into, we just take the docs from this round and then turn that into a 2 million, priced at the 25 or the 30, and then all of this stuff converts. So, so we'll end up getting a markup, and we should own something like 21 22% and we will and

McLain Southworth  11:59:30
say, 12, oh, this is too much. Oh, sorry to

Joseph Guzel  11:59:33
Yeah. So it's all that's, this is just, this is just, it's, we're not wiring any money on this is, to be clear, it's our money's already wired. The best, best outcome, one the ones, the One annoying thing which Maxine, that fucking guy is back, of course, right? What's trying to put?

McLain Southworth  11:59:56
What's he trying to do? He's trying to price it lower 15. He's trying to do a price round, right? Oh,

Joseph Guzel  12:00:02
no. Of course. He wants the best deal now that everything's done when he was supposed to fucking come in in February, in case you hear from him, just the answer is, fuck no. But also, Matt is not going to what I've learned about Matt is he's pretty stubborn, and he doesn't have a lot he's very, very good. He doesn't have a lot of experience with venture financing, like he didn't he, he, you know, go spot check was not like, a good example of this shit. And so we should just, it's kind of like dealing with George, with that, with this stuff specific, specifically. So like, I want us to get this paper to immediately, so that we have our value baked.

McLain Southworth  12:00:42
Yeah. I mean, does he have, does she know that it's gonna I mean, this is, well, she's already got the cash, but, I mean, it's pricing around. Is gonna take? No?

Joseph Guzel  12:00:50
Oh, so that's a good question. Okay, usually not like Corgi app Aluma time, or even just the usual time of, like 3060, days, because we'll just move straight to definitive docs. And if we introduce more investors here, right here, that's a problem. And the beauty of this, of this whole situation, is matchstick and Hannah Gray has new funds. We know this. They're on notes at a lower valuation than either of these numbers or anything in between them. They will love this, because they're going to convert. They're going to get an early markup on their little funds. They're going to get good IRR boost. It's going to be like comms of 2022, for them, right? And then actually, dollar cost, average, some reserves over here to fill out, to make, to fill out another million dollars here alongside their capital here. Because, remember, we don't, this isn't not on the balance sheet. It's it went to buying the accounting firm. This is not on the balance sheet, yeah. So our money is not dry powder, yeah. And so. So if we can, if we can get these guys to parlay into another mill, right here, we are in a fucking great place with this business, so much so that it wouldn't be a bad idea to put more money because they're performing so well. These guys are really impressive.

McLain Southworth  12:02:20
I'm two minutes late for my next meeting, but we can chat

Joseph Guzel  12:02:23
about it. Yeah, the is there any on aside from, will be a Bluma Corgi, whatever? How much runway do they have? So I can do this analysis.

McLain Southworth  12:02:31
Well, corgis got a shit ton of runway. Abalooma, I would say that they have at least a

Joseph Guzel  12:02:38
year, you think year and a half they have, they only raised a mill, right? Yeah,

McLain Southworth  12:02:44
well, yeah. But they, they, I mean, they're in New Mexico, so I think that, I would say a year is probably the right number for them, and because before,

Joseph Guzel  12:02:52
because that's a strategic one for New Mexico. Strategic for me, strategic for you, like, what just hit me with an opinion of what we need there for the future. Yeah, I would just because, because I know that one, even if it's not going well, I think, to my

McLain Southworth  12:03:07
point earlier, it's, I think, rather than earmarking on a per company basis, let's just take out the fees and figure out exactly what a pool, reasonable pool of capital is. Yeah, right. Because I think if we're going to earmark per company, it's just going to be, it's going to be an impossible. We know what

Joseph Guzel  12:03:24
the value drivers are, so it's really not impossible, like, not at this point. It wasn't possible a year ago. Yeah.

McLain Southworth  12:03:30
I mean, you know, everything can change. I do have three minutes late. So

Joseph Guzel  12:03:33
how many years do you want? Do you need this to go out to? Like, I'm just trying to do a modeling exercise. I would, I would assume a 10 year fund period. So, so your expectation is that we're drawing from this 10 years,

McLain Southworth  12:03:48
I think, in terms of just being, you know, using what's in the docks as, like, a baseline of, like, hey, you know, everyone always talks about a 10 year fund period, right? That's kind of, did you did you feel?

Joseph Guzel  12:03:59
Did you feel like he wanted us to cut it early? I'm trying to understand what he wants us to

McLain Southworth  12:04:04
do. I think what we're trying to define is because it makes it literally

Joseph Guzel  12:04:09
right, you know, like, like, we got to do what's right for us to like. So

McLain Southworth  12:04:13
I think, I think kind of, that's what being in reserves just means that you're not making net new investments, right?

Joseph Guzel  12:04:19
Yeah, I know that stuff. Man, that was all the portfolios like, I don't I'm asking. I'm asking, like, do we need to be realistic

McLain Southworth  12:04:26
about like, you know, time, like, time frame of like, yeah, because once we're in reserves, it makes things a lot easier for anything like it.

Joseph Guzel  12:04:37
Yeah, right. Well, he's, what he was saying is, like, Fuck you guys. I don't want to keep paying you basically, like, in the nicest way, because what ladies don't want is what they have on all their other funds, which is, they're 100% called and reserved by crosslink, and they're still drawing fees without recycling.

McLain Southworth  12:04:55
No, I think what, I think what he was saying is he doesn't if, if we have spent every single last dollar in reserves and we're still paying us ourselves out to year 10. He says that LPS won't necessarily like that, because we're just collecting money on, on, on and not investing anything, right? So if we deploy 100% of our dollars in year seven, right? And then we decided we're still going to collect management fees for the next three years. Like, that's where he's, like, that's where it gets, kind of like, LPs don't love that, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:05:29
okay. And that's, and that's what I want you to think about, the elixir thing. That's what I was trying to solve for before all this shit. Because we can, we can fix this for us, where you and I are good with that. And they're satiated, so easily. Okay with elixir. We should have done it three months ago. Is that thing's real, right. Okay, I'll see you later.
