Joseph Guzel  14:32:43
It, yeah, yeah. I just, I was mean to get that out for you, like, 30 minutes ago. I hope that, but it has, like, plenty of context. I don't know if my and those guys are getting it said canceled on my calendar, by the way,

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:33:00
yeah, I don't know who canceled it or why. Yeah, we saw the same notification. We thought maybe it was your schedule change or something, but if not,

Joseph Guzel  14:33:08
I'm glad you guys hung in there with me. Yeah, yeah. So first off, good to see you. I don't think I've probably seen either of you since either the audit last year or sometime in between. Have ahead,

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:33:25
yeah, probably about a year ago.

Joseph Guzel  14:33:28
What's changed has everything on the Frank Herman front, what's going on?

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:33:33
Yeah, things are going pretty well overall the busy, busy season this year. So still trying to make a big push for our 90 day deadline, and then we'll be a quick turn into our 120 day audit deadline. So yeah, little busier than we and not quite as far along as maybe we would like, but not too, too far behind where we can't outplay catch up over

Joseph Guzel  14:33:55
the next week or two. Are you speaking generally with us, which is obvious as to why, versus the

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:34:00
whole practice? Yeah, it's our whole group. Yeah, I think

Joseph Guzel  14:34:05
I'm just grabbing some water, okay, yeah.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:34:09
I think there's just a few themes as it related to Q for like, just the year end closes and the timing, timing of those, and then just trying to track down the final supporting evidence for some clients,

Joseph Guzel  14:34:23
yeah, the the majority, I assume, like the majority of the Are we one of the smaller firms that you guys deal with, or are they all pretty much,

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:34:34
yeah, well, a lot of times, kind of the early stages, it's similar size, so fun ones kind of in the same spot, and then we pencil clients close subsequent funds, And as they close those subsequent funds, they've turned into larger and larger size engagements.

Joseph Guzel  14:34:49
Yeah, well, I should obviously definitely be on my fund too right now, and the reason why I'm not is because of everything that was going on last year. I'm trying to remember, were both of you covering this audit last year, who was mostly doing the audit at last year before?

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:35:09
Yes, both of us on last year's audit. I think the year before that, Tom, he was not on it. It was Ryan Chang on our side. But the last year, Tommy was yeah,

Joseph Guzel  14:35:18
and then on 20 for the 2023 audit. What was it? Because we'd wave 20,

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:35:24
yeah, that was Brian. So Brian was on it for the first year, Brian Chang, and then myself, and then last year was Tommy.

Joseph Guzel  14:35:32
Okay, awesome. Well, let's, let's maybe just get kind of like aligned on what's been going on from havens and that, you know? Yeah, I covered, I think, between that last email from a couple from like a month ago to now, but, and to really set the context, can you remind me when we actually finally had wrapped up our incredibly delinquent audit from last year, which would have been the 2024 audit in 2025 it was April, right.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:36:07
Might have been may even, do you mind pulling up the audit issuance? Date Time? Yeah, pulling that up now one sec. Reason may tend.

Joseph Guzel  14:36:26
A seventh or that was a draft and then issued, yeah, it was around that date, okay? Was when? Was when it signed, was when the audit letter went out last year.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:36:39
Right for 2024, do you have a gift audit opinion? Date? Yeah, let me pull that real quick.

Joseph Guzel  14:36:45
And the reason this is the nuances of these dates are incredibly important, yeah, just to kind of piece everything together, May 20. May 20, okay, but, but that so may 20 is when it's signed, when we like mutually signed and published the opinion, the unqualified opinion, or qualified opinion, what is it? You guys call it again.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:37:08
That was the May 20, yeah, the audit issuance date was May

Joseph Guzel  14:37:12
20 opinion, or that one was unqualified, that one was unqualified, right? Which is, which is good. You want an unqualified Yeah. You want, yeah, exactly. Yeah. It sounds like you're unqualified, but that means that you're qualified. Yeah, you're unqualified to say that there's something wrong here. So therefore it is qualified in that you can move forward and keep doing your shit Exactly. And then, yeah, today we're in March 2. Okay, so, so basically, basically, what's been going on, guys is like for since about February of last year, from February of last year of 2025, Haven and me through Haven or Haven through me has been, has been subjected to just an onslaught of hostile takeover attempts by my 50% partner, McLean Southworth. It's, it's really, I wish I could say like it was really cool, like in the movies, like in succession, or like in billions, or something like that, but what it really looks like is just horrible, you Know, misbehavior, disparagement, in bad faith and all incredibly entitled and petty and unnecessary, considering the equal incentivization in the fund being 250 50 partners, as well as the fund itself, in Haven, one having is doing unbelievably well. A lot of the numbers don't show it as well as they should, which is another unfortunate reality of like the coercive control and and the malicious behavior that's been happening here that I've had to endure. And I'm not saying I'm not standing here as a victim. I'm standing here as a guy who who just went 13 rounds, and I'll explain why. But yeah, the portfolio is the portfolio is doing really well. So, like, there shouldn't be any reason why there's all these, all this kind of petty bullshit, other than it's just incredibly personal, right? McLean and I are no longer going to obviously, partner together, right? That was not a decision that had been made by me, or one that I had wanted or proposed to him at all, actually, even even today, but one that he went down the path of trying to, you know, turn into a reality, and now is turning into a reality in February, March of last year. So Haven is a 2022, vintage fund, right? But the basis of Haven is that we're a formal spin out that was wholly endorsed and partially owned from a non voting perspective by crosslink capital. I was a partner at crosslink capital, and my intellectual property and track record were spun out formally and released by the limited partner Advisory Committee of crosslink as a as a result of of the spin out agreement, and for two, two and a half years into having divested and then launched Haven and throughout the course of the fundraising after I had also been serving as a venture partner contractor with cross link as part of the spin out agreement, sweat equity working off my my IP that I couldn't afford, and things like chime in other words, and other assets. As a board member for them, McLean and I, you know, met in 2018 at crosslink. His family anchored our fund eight, which I'm finally getting a distribution from. It turns out, I can't believe today, I was like, Oh, my God, am I actually getting a fucking carry check? Like, is this actually happening to me? Right? Yeah. Oh, they do exist. I've never gotten one the Yeah, man, but yeah, crosslink fund eight, his family anchored. That's coop grass meadow, our 20% LP, or $10 million LP, which is his sister's family office. It's not his family's family office. It's his sister and his brother in law. His brother in law's Larry Page from Google. His sister, Mary Larry Page, and there it is, right? And they all kind of live together. And then, but, but McLean wasn't on the investing side of crosslink. He was a venture partner in the investor relations kind of side. So he kept him kind of there. So in hindsight, I had started, you know, Haven, there was this really asymmetric imbalance here, where I that I was pretty aware of, which was like, you know, McLean doesn't have any investing experience. This is, this would be like his first venture job, but we are trying to build a firm here, a business, and what he brings to the table is permanent capital, with respect to his family, diaspora and the LPS there. And then being, you know, the Kahuna of LPs. And then what I bring is, is everything else. This is my third venture firm. And, you know, I've been a professional board member forever and leading in pricing deals and yada yada. When the by the Now, fast forward to 2020 you know, six. This 2022 vintage fund is, you know, 83% called invested reserved. I think we've consummated something like 23 or 24 you probably have the exact number unique investments, like individual portfolio investments. And something like 39 or 40 unique transaction events that would be inclusive of, you know, reserves follow on, yeah, and the way I constructed the portfolio is exactly what I would have done at crosslink, because I divested this business from cross link and and it was built on my IP, right? So all of this context and why we're on the phone is just to like, shine a light on the reality of like, what you're auditing is that all of these board seats are mine, right? So I did. I did 3034, of the or 35 of the 39 unique transaction events, really. I did every single one, even like Apple Luma Corgi. Every deal with the exception of Apple Luma and Corgi, was sourced, processed, managed, led, sorted, invented, in many cases by me, with, you know, my LP capital, all of which, the exception of $10 million that anchor, are all from my Personal relationships, core Creek and all these other guys. And going forward, as I launch Haven ventures, Guzel fund, two right doing business as Big Daddy capital. Now I'm playing context. Capital is what is what I'm going with, unless you guys can think of a better name, which going forward with the affiliated fund, it's, it's on top of the same thesis and the same body of work, right? So that's where everything's at, right? Like in February of last year, McLean had started basically pulling a lot of like, very nefarious darvo tactics to kind of gaslight me out of the partnership and those culminated in May 5, May on May 5, McLean, for the second time, stole the access controls to the haven.vc domain and then blocked me Out of my email. He had done this and banking access and everything, all the systems. He had done that for like 24 hours in February, March, and then pulled back. And then he he went. He went all in on May 5, and then had issued a invalid management consent to me on May 5, immediately when he reset the access control, saying that that that was unilaterally signed, that was basically Haven and McLean, signed by McLean, say that Joe's fired, which doesn't work, you know, per our box or anything. And that then led us into 6070, days of mediation, discussions which were also incited by McLean, why the May 5 hostile takeover attempt? Why the thing in February. Why the thing now? It's all, it's all. I can't really make sense of it, other than it's just he's trying to take the business of Haven. He doesn't want to continue with me, is at least what he says. But he wants Haven because Haven is the credibility, you know, and the basis that he can then use for and usurp for himself. But the reality is, it's built on my track record, and McLean failed to develop a track record, and since 2022 This was his shot to do that. He didn't get to he didn't do that. Why was he able to steal the accounts and shit, and I want to make sure you guys can hear me and I can hear you. Can you hear me? Yeah, we can hear you. Yeah. So, like, how is he should be a question, right? It's because he we never had a chance to operationalize any of the business, and he didn't help me do that in any way. If I'm doing 100% of the fundraising, 100% of the fund administration, right, there isn't a single reserves model or dollar that went out that wasn't on my mathematics or or anything, any, any of the valuations, all that stuff was all me right. Expense policy principles also all me right. Valuation principles carried over from cross link. I can't do everything right. And then we never hire. There's never been a w2 full time employee at Haven period. So I've had no help, and I used to have like, three associates. It's just it's too much work. We price and lead institutional investments in companies. I take board seats. We build them. I've only got so many hours in the day. I always figured I was going to have to put fund one on my back, naturally, because I knew what I was getting into with McLean in terms of his skill set. And fun ones are hard and, you know, fun three or fun eight can feel like a fun one, if it's a new team and a dead start, and where he would come in handy is fun to and onward. But that didn't happen. So I never got to operate, operationalize anything. Access controls were still haphazard a lot of the corporate entities, and these things, like our contracts with Oduro, which was VMs, our contracts with Morrison Forrester, who did fund formation. A lot of this stuff was signed in 2021 right? And so you'll find corporate entities are tied to McLean's personal residence in Palo Alto, which, by the way, is actually owned by our largest LP, right? It's, yeah, it's not, it's not him that owns that, that that home in Palo Alto. It's Larry and Lucy, which is a, it's a problem that I've tried to bring up many times, because of the piercing of the veil and the liability. It should be at the Regis right. Should everything should be Tid but a lot of this stuff was put put up in 2021 and it was just you guys were working in 2223 was fucking hard, yeah, especially doing a FinTech fund. It's like, every other day Sam bankman Fried is going to jail. This is happening. That's like, Fuck it took. It was hard, yeah, so So may 5 was like the big kahuna lockout, where he sees, he just, basically, just takes over the Google Admin and then resets all my shit. And then I get blocked out. And then he starts to solicit a narrative that I got fired, which is why he would do things like issue a unilateral management consent that isn't valid, and then tried to get me to sign an agreement under duress that strips me of all my powers and tries to basically just gaslight me into it. So it's so stupid in lane because it doesn't actually do anything but waste time meanwhile, last year, if you remember how stressed I was, this is a fun one. This had to work, right? We had active investments ongoing for everything, right? Everything was graduating right to effectively Series B. And I was, I was managing price equity rounds with with Hamza, which we co led, really like weapon, if you could see with these term sheets and stuff like weaponizing terms and in a good way to to manufacture value. Every set we had, basically everything in the portfolio was graduating last year. And then which, which, which is timing, was, was, was, was solved for that reason. And then last thing I'll say, and then I'll pause, because I've been talking a lot on the phone. So sorry if I'm a little jumbled, but hopefully, hopefully I'm somewhat making sense. What will never make sense is why this is happening. Just so just focus on, like, the events. You'll drive yourself fucking crazy if you, if you try to like, it's just totally evil, right? So, the, oh yeah, the the other, the big, the big thing is, like, how the fuck did Joe what or how did this? How did this happen, and how does this keep kind of happening from the May 5 perspective, right? Well, Haven has no long had had no long form operating agreement. I repeat Haven note, had no back then, no long form operating agreement that governed how we kind of do things right and to to avoid issues like this. We have a short we had a short term agreement, short term operating agreement, but there was no long form operating agreement at Haven ventures. And so why that happened? By the way, I have no fucking idea. I don't know how, like Morrison Forrester, didn't really get to that there and there. But anyways, that was the big issue. Like, I don't think McLean and I would have ever had an issue, because he wouldn't have had the ambiguity to be able to do things like this, had in the absence of a solid, long form operating agreement. You live and you learn that was very stupid of me. I'm still just a you know, refugee kid from Bakersfield at the end of the day that forgets to look out for himself every now and then the so what happened from May 5 to, like, June 27 this thing called the binding operating protocol. What is it? Well, it's a binding, long form operating agreement. That's it. Where there once was not a long form operating agreement, then there was a long form operating agreement, exactly right. So that's what that that's what that document says and and the mediations are, are public and available and transcribed and recorded and everything and that the whole series of events, everything at Haven is thankfully meticulously captured, right? And it was Liam Gallagher from cannonball capital, as well as Connor crown from the crown family, who will be one of the anchors on my fund, too. And the crown family, of which was the oldest and original LP for crossing capital, they're the Waynes. They're Wayne Enterprises, if, if Gotham, if Gotham is Chicago, the crowns are the Wayne's and Connor's. Bruce Wayne, that means I'm Morgan Freeman, right? And then, yeah, so General Dynamics and all that good stuff. So, yeah, Liam mediated all those sessions. But also, you know, we had personal counsel involved. This cost me a fortune that I couldn't afford. You know, it was Latham walk ins, and now I have Troutman, and he continues to use Oric. Ben from Oric is the son in law of Bradley Horowitz, one of our limited partners. There's just so much, so much in there that's not good. And that got ratified. And basically, if you have that document, I believe, right? And basically what it says is just a whole bunch of meticulous rules, right? It's like, almost like, too many rules do this, you know, like everything has, like a little process, yeah, well, that's because that was by design I was faced with now the reality of having to figure out what to do with my future and my fund, the entirety of Haven, one is my attribution and built on me, and I manage all of these businesses, and I've had no help, and I've Given I took an $800,000 fucking pay cut to start this shit, because it play into fun too, and all these LPS that, you know, I am asked that are depending on me and that bet on me, this is McLean's first job. So now I have to figure out how to keep it all copacetic and to not let my fun blow up. And to make sure that all of the the portfolio is like, protected because, because at that point I had no idea John, like, where we were at with the fund, the audit didn't get issued until, like, May 27 I had him managing it last year for and which I realized was a huge mistake, also because it was weaponized, like the same way that he's attempting to do in this one, right? I was locked out of my systems. I did. I did not have my haven.vc handle from May 5 till about a week after the BOP signed, and I have not had it again since January 2. I haven't been paid management fees me and my wife since q3 of last year. Yeah, it's, we're I'm, like, very much, struggling, and it's all the coercive control of the systems and the service providers and the tools. And I don't have a trillionaire brother in law. I got a baby on the way in July, and, you know, I my wife and I are doing everything we can to just get through this, but I had to protect the portfolio, right? Yeah, I don't have the portfolio. I don't have anything. So I shouldn't this, this whole this conversation shouldn't be happening like this. You know, we went through the mediations, we signed a black a binding agreement, and yet, I find myself once again here for the third time, without my access controls, right in the fund that I built with the companies that I that I did 100% of the investing here, here, and control all of those businesses, right? You've been sending out DocuSign, ZS, you guys and things like that. My founders just send them to me. That's why they're not coming back to you, because they know everybody knows now what the fuck is going on, and they're sick of it. So you're not going to get anything back that's like a unilateral McLean signature. Nor, nor should you guys do any work that isn't that doesn't have me compliantly scoped in and doesn't take into account these access control issues that are outlined in the binding operating protocol. It's the binding agreement that governs us, that He did all over it.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  14:59:10
Yeah, we didn't see the binding agreement till February 26 of this year. So we didn't know any of this was going on until, yeah, about less than a month ago.

Joseph Guzel  14:59:19
So it was, it was a dance. It was a dance of coercive control. When we got back kind of in session in August, September, I knew that he was going to I realized that the BOP was really also his trap that he had laid right, because his his thing is about control, coercive control, and darvo tactics so like it, you know, it allows him to control my income, which he clearly has my we haven't had any yet. It also gives him a platform to disparage and to throw allegations of like expense misappropriation and things like that that are also unfounded and not true, right? And then put me in a place where I'm defending and then and where I'm never I can't just get away from him, like I'm desperately trying to get away from this fucking guy and get him away from the business and the portfolio, which are all things we negotiated already, yeah. So that's it. That's, that's all I'll say for now. What's, uh, any questions?

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:00:29
Yeah, let's, yeah, I think probably some questions and trying to figure out the path forward here. So part of it is just, so you're aware, like, we didn't know any of this till, like, less than a few weeks ago, and you said, it's

Joseph Guzel  15:00:44
not all the service providers got got like you guys all got played. And I didn't see this. I had so much going on with the portfolio that I didn't see this as being a problem. Yeah, and, and, had I, had I anticipated it, which my life was falling apart, you know, you got to realize, like, the character assassination that he pulled was, like, it's like, terrifying when that happens to you. Yeah, it's your brand. He runs around and tells people that I'm a criminal, you know, yeah.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:01:20
And then yeah, put the kid on the way, and everything got to be super stressful.

Joseph Guzel  15:01:24
Well, even before that, and none of it's none of it's true. It's just to make me look bad and him look good, and nothing changes, right?

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:01:32
Yeah, and yeah. So I think thanks for your communications and updates and we what we're required to do now internally is go through our Q quality control Q, a client step into to make sure we're doing the right decisions every step of the way, handling it appropriately. I haven't gotten the chance to digest every step in both the emails you've sent. Some of them are like the access controls, yes, balance, we have to figure out what that means for the audit things like that. Some of them might be more in the scope of the management company, which we don't have purview into, don't have insights into procedures, into things like that. So we'll have to figure out that separately. But I on a go forward basis, to your point. I think any step in this process, whether you know, presuming that the idea is that audit should go forward, the idea to try and get an audit done, to get to your LP, is like, if

Joseph Guzel  15:02:39
that's still, I have no I've had absolutely zero visibility. It's, again, I don't have my haven email, and I continue to be serving on all these boards, doing all the actual work. So any company that you're testing is a company that I should have been contacted about, right? McLean doesn't have any portfolio responsibilities, with the exception of Apple Luma and Corgi. That's it. Auto lab. I placed him on that one. We so, so, so taking a step back and we got back in session. Like signing the BOP, trying to make sense of what the fuck is going on with like, how do I get to my fund, to where we we we agreed in the BOP that basically, Haven one is eight VC or, sorry, formation eight, and then we go do eight VCs or tiger global, and go be tiger cubs. Okay, cool, great, great way to do it. You go do your stuff. I go do my stuff. We're affiliated funds, and, you know, I'm continuing on with my thesis and and we're all and now McLean, you can say that, you know, you were a VC, right? And everything's still copacetic. Like, you know, get your carry 5050, there was no alleged fire. Like, it's, you can't fire me with an invalid, you know, GP, thing, management, consent. None of its fucking real, right? Yeah, it's just manufactured. So at that point the fund was 80 is 83% called invested, reserved, right? Companies like Hamza just DCF on a discounted cash flow basis from JP Morgan, which Hamza just raised 36 million on a 250 post. We got another term sheet that we're not going to take that. Said the 375 post, and they'll be doing 100 million in revenue as of August. I invented that business back in 2020, and I still sit on the board as a director, and it's a DCF to $3 billion yeah, right. And so like we're $46 million fund. I said, Okay, let's, let's take because the LPS have not gotten any communication really, about this whole, all of this shit going, yeah, no. Like, like, I didn't tell the LP shit because I couldn't handle even I didn't want to worry them. And it's like that on top of of in because every dispute that he would create would then he would take it up to the line and then settle it. That is because the moves to wear everything, yeah, it's about wearing me out and getting rid of me, not about getting rid of Haven or anything happening to that because he wants to take Haven or attempted to. Now he like, like, I said, Okay, well, let's, we have 17% remaining to call up to, to be at 100% you know, called on, Aum, let's, let's take that $8 million let's cut it in half. Let's weaponize four or 5 million of it in terms and consummate some up rounds here, and solidify the portfolio, especially companies from 2023 like, let's say auto lab, and there was cash finance and brick dynamics and stuff like that, where we own preferred at the original cost basis from the initial investment, we have double digit concentrated ownership, or close to it, like, let's say, you know, 10% or 12% they're working. They're almost at that series B graduation that I try to get things to mentally. And maybe we have some post money cap notes or something that are hanging over where we dollar cost average since. And let's get them converted to preferred and so we can own the preference stack all the way down and be in a good spot. So that was my plan in August, September that I laid out with aduro. Eduro has historically just been fucking awesome, you know, and working with me on all this stuff and super strategic, and that's what we started executing. But naturally, he had a different plan, right? His plan was not to get all these financings complete, that I negotiated all of them in September and could have had them done in one week. It was make sure that we used darvo tactics to diminish Joe's standing or roll within there so that he loses a board seat, but it's really Haven losing the ability to sell is what he doesn't realize. And, you know, disparage him, turn the founders against him, or try to doesn't work, and then make sure nothing consummates until after Jan won, so that Joe can't market any of this for fundraising. That's literally what the plan was. Now. Access controls were covered in the bop. We just didn't get to right. He's the handle supposed to be with a in a third party, obviously, I was going to address access controls because he's done this to me now three times. I've been running the business more out of my Gmail than out of my haven.vc right? And the only reason I haven't launched a new handles, just because I haven't, I'm in a position where I'm reacting simultaneously because I had this business, is my is my next Fund is a continuation of this business. And so I'm having to iterate and react and figure out what to do in real time all the time, right? Yeah, the management company shit like, that's you're right about that? Like you guys have less control over that I'm I'm doing, but the GP, I have a contractual, you know, stake, as does he to my property. So the management companies, the LLC, is like my nightmare. I'm trying to get around because I can't. Again, I have not been paid in a year?

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:08:44
Yeah, I have operated. There's no way to get Yeah, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  15:08:48
I have operating expenses from the AMEX to the tune of like $60,000 that have been overdue for payment. He has a haven Amex. I have a haven Amex. Historically, I was he had the only Haven Amex. I thought it was a corporate account. It wasn't right, and I was a junior card holder on it, right? So he had, he I created a new account last year. I've got it's been due since January, destroying my personal credit, and I can't get it Ach, because he won't let it happen.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:09:21
And then he has to approve everything.

Joseph Guzel  15:09:24
Yeah, double trigger approval on everything. But I'm not doing that shit anymore. Like that's over, because I don't have to, I don't have to protect the companies anymore, and I don't have to actually deploy any capital anymore. I don't have to do anything, yeah, and I won't, until I have my access controls back, everything's copacetic, and I get paid my management fees with respect to audit and tax. Nothing whatsoever is permitted to be filed or sent or sent to companies or whatever that is just him doing it unilaterally, despite me not having my haven.vc that's why you guys aren't getting these things back from my founders. They know better. They did. They warned me there they can't be signature blocks of the audit where it's just McLean. It has to be both of us same, yeah, tax as well, and anything like that.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:10:18
So yeah, yeah, and 100% you know, D join everything going forward,

Joseph Guzel  15:10:31
will have to be sorry done, like to be crystal clear, like whatever, if you can walk me through, like, what you guys have done so far and what the scope of the audit has been in the timeline and like any doc that is unilaterally signed by McLean needs to be voided and then reissued. Yeah, me, oh,

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:10:50
we haven't, yeah, the only thing that we might have that is it's your point. The audit confirmations are still have been probably not coming back.

Joseph Guzel  15:10:59
No, they're not gonna. Yeah, they're not gonna. And, like, any of these emails like I've got every day I get stuff from my founders, Feb 27 from McLean with Layla, CC, you know our auditors, Frank river men, are asking for executed file, Series C, prime, COI and cap table for every set. Can you get those? Like you guys aren't going to get any of that stuff until

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:11:21
we Yeah, yeah. Now that we know what's going on, all that's kind of moot. I think the one thing we might have that is the bank confirmation. P is it just requires a bank account holder, not necessarily governance. But we haven't made any progress on the audit. So timeline wise, I think it definitely sets it back. And then path board wise, we need to come up with what the plan is going to be, just full transparency, and so we'll need to, I circle up internally on how that process looks, what's a reasonable timeline, and make sure we have all parties. You know, Juro, you proclaim everyone willing to work with us on the audit going forward, not necessarily. McLean's obviously willing

Joseph Guzel  15:12:07
to work with you guys on it, but you guys aren't going to get what you need from the portfolio companies if it's not like with people. Yeah, well, that's what I mean. So and what would I what I'd urge you to do, which I keep telling the service providers, because you guys are all, you guys all didn't sign up for this shit. Neither did I right, but I have to do everything by the book, yeah, and I cannot have shit go out until May and stuff like that like that's not going to happen. The more that you put power into our hands with respect to approvals and things like this, the worse this is going to go for all of us, because any leverage will be weaponized as a means for coercive control and to the detriment of the portfolio and of the limited partners. McLean's incentive is not Haven one being successful, it is his validation and appearance of being a legitimate VC in the absence of me and diminishing me. Yeah, so I even his him, like doing what he's done with you guys and boxing me out the way he did. That was all. That was all for a reason. It was strategic. It was like, let me sign the audit stuff unilaterally for 2025 so that I get to say in court that will never happen, right? It's never going to go to court or arbitration or anything, because that would mean that it's over, right? Yeah, so that's not what, that's not what his fucking plan is. I just did all that shit, and here we are, right? So yeah, it's, it's way more fucking lame than that, right? It's pussy shit. So it's, excuse my French, but like, so if you just keep the power in your guys's hands, in the duros hands, scope, everything you know, you can pick anything you want, like scope, scope, however, the heck you want to do it, and we can get the portfolio stuff done very quickly, right? And don't, don't give us, like, coordination power, I beg of you. And again, like anything that was just him unilaterally signed, with the exception of maybe the engagement letter. We need to issue that and then let it be known as to what that will subdue him, right? Yep, okay, I'm confident we can still finish this by the 30th if we just get this shit together. I'm committed to doing that with you.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:14:43
Yeah, yeah, that's Well, definitely I got circle up with our client acceptance QC team real quick on on everything going on, and make sure everything's on the up and up for us to be permitted to proceed. But presuming that's the case, the biggest obstacles to your point, so we probably want to have you at least see the engagement letter and send an email back saying you approve the engagement letter that's in place. It's standard, same thing as last year. PS, I don't think you're a signature on that. And then we'll have to assess, what do we need that requires governance signatures on it, like the investment conference, things like that, and figure out what we can do to do it by the auditing standards, but also to not expose the firm to risk for anything ongoing between the two of you. Frankly, to be honest,

Joseph Guzel  15:15:39
there is it won't be exposed in that manner like again. I mean, per the binding operating protocol, it's figured out, like, so there's that, again, that is a binding, long form operating agreement. It's everybody just seems to, like, ignore that document. And I don't understand why I can't get anybody to take it seriously as a as a governing guy. Yeah, I really, other than That's him, you know, he has gone out of his way to make it less authoritative. So that is our long term operating agreement. It's binding. And so what? What in everything in there that is explicitly in there, is there for a reason, versus versus implicitly, like, if it doesn't say in there that we need two signatures for, you know, every little thing, or for a term sheet, that's because that was by design at the same time, if he's putting if there's something in there that requires dual authorization for something like, you Know, the audit, then that was in there by design. And we can't have unilateral signatures on things like this.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:16:50
Yeah, that makes sense. And is there any, you know, it's your point. I think certain steps in the process, you'll be fine with it moving forward. He may not. There might be other things he wants to move forward that you don't. Is there like an ELPAC, or anyone else, anything else that we can be no.

Joseph Guzel  15:17:08
I mean, look, the reality is, the fund is about to be fully invested. We have no new investments that we're making anymore. The initial investment period comes into expiration, March of next year. We need to issue a capital call. And there are about three other investments that we're gonna do that I'm gonna sign a term sheet on Tiger. Read, this was all part of the August, September plan, by the way. So this is like a plan that we had both made to to, you know, go about using the rest of the capital up to 100% so that we're not in a position where we're calling fees without any good news, but also so that we can move on with our with our funds, and have things managed and keep them copacetic. That's why I put him on the auto lab board. That was my I was on that board I'm trying to shed. I can't fucking do everything, right, yeah? Like, literally, it's just me, guys, that's what you got to realize. Like he he's never authored a single document at Haven. Unfortunately, it's bad. It's been really rough, but I had to stomach it, yeah. Otherwise, I'm fucked. Put my whole life into this. Yeah. So the reality is is all of the core portfolio assets are what they are right. Like brick dynamics Hamza. Hamza is our big power law winner. We have almost 10% of that. JP, Morgan, DCFS, 3 billion bucks. Brick dynamics is, you know, gonna do 18 or 20 million top line this year. It'll go to like 45 next year, we're gonna do another 500k in an uncapped note on that, which is not ideal, but I have to protect the preference. And I got the board seat on that. It comes along with me and my thesis. All of these are coming along with me, and next year, you'll be dealing with me on them. He has Corgi and Apple Emma. So, so there's no there's no other work to do here. I need to go communicate everything to my limited partners, which I was holding off at this point only because I can't manage it. Like, like, most of the bigger ones know what's going on and what's happened, pretty much all of them, actually, and just but not all of them really understand just how nasty it's been. I've been trying not to disparage him and shit, but at this point, fuck him. And I'm not, you know, I'm even if I file a lawsuit or something else, and it's all personal stuff, it's not what the fund, the fund, has never had a dispute. Yeah, yeah. And the arbitrage arbitration or anything, it'll never happen because it's, it's, it's just a ruse, you know, yeah, okay. But the access control things are very real, like, I can't, yeah, you guys need to flag that stuff. It's anything that's in the BOP that's a violation.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:20:06
We'll go back to that. It's

Joseph Guzel  15:20:08
really page it's really page one of the bop. So like, he's in breach and could be terminated for just even number one, where he tells everybody that I'm fired all the time. Yeah, right, yeah, yeah.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:20:20
It'll pull fancy. It'll lead to a bit of a challenging audit process for this year's audit, and they'll probably be the material weaknesses as a result of the control deficiencies, things

Joseph Guzel  15:20:30
like, I'm okay. I'm okay with a nasty audit, if we don't have a perfect, unqualified opinion, I think it just supports the facts of the reality of look, Joe has had to endure this stuff at haven that McLean did that's black and white. Joe was increasing portfolio value throughout the course of all these lockouts. This is now my third time I do not have the Haven VC and I run everything in this business, everything thing with all the all the key assets are under me, all the non key ones were under me. Every doc, Cap table, term sheet, closing, dock, LP, comms, investment memo and everything in between was something that I authored with my bare hands, right? So, so if the audit is bad, it just serves to support the narrative that you know that it the operations were bad, but the portfolio was good despite it, and this is what Joe's doing next. I'm not scared of that.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:21:43
Okay, okay, yeah, let me find out internally what our next steps have to be. And then,

Joseph Guzel  15:21:51
yeah, have you seen before? Guys, there's two things. I'm like, it's this fucked up, right?

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:22:00
Yeah, no, yeah, we, we've seen. I had another client. They got pretty they ended up separating the two GPS and it gone to, you know, personal threats and things like that. But most of it was in a quick successive order. And there was a clear, like, involvement by the ELPAC that basically, like, dictated, like, hey, this group's gonna, like these investments go with this guy to this side. This one goes, they broke up the entities basically, and the GP group split in half. There's another one that was a small audit that happened this year, actually, where it didn't have a specific audit requirement. So when they there was some infighting going on. And they ultimately were, like, it's there's not an audit requirement. There's no path forward to get this audit done. Like, let's just wait, you know, go back. Let them know that, since there was no audit requirement, a lot is gonna be done and we just

Joseph Guzel  15:22:57
walk is there? Is there a way that? And if there is, please, you know, my wife and I are fighting for and the founders candidly, like everybody's like, fighting for their lives, like the founders got it, yeah, the founders got so fucking hurt here that it's crazy. That's why they're all so loyal to me. Yeah, and they're only here because of me. But it's like, I'm not God or anything. I'm just, like, trying to do my best, and what I say I'm gonna do, I do, and what I can't, I can't, and I could not let them fail, which, like, how can this audit serve to, you know, just, just put this shit to rest,

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:23:38
basically, to rest. Yeah, yeah. The tricky part is, without, like, a final separation agreement or some sort of final agreement in place, like it, there's not a clear, cheerful, everything's dual authority. Everything's dual requirements. So, like, our hands

Joseph Guzel  15:23:56
are somewhat Tid agreement, basically, yeah, that's that Troutman told me to do next,

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:24:02
yeah, because once you have that, then there's should be some distinguishing, you know, obviously, as we settled upon things like that, but like there's clear roles responsibilities, or clear division of authority, things like that, that then allow us to follow the direction of someone, a key decision maker, as opposed to everything being 5050, where there's not we need both or zero, if zero stops it. One stops it. But we

Joseph Guzel  15:24:25
never, we always had. We always had. It was always 5050, he's vetoed everything big and small since day one at this place. But it was, it was never weaponized like this. So he's weaponized, yeah, the dual, the 5050, and just like the most gnarly way, and that's been that's been really tough to get around, where, where I've had to be, like, where it's been the hardest, because, like, at this point, I don't my reputation has come full circle. It's like he goes around tell everybody that I'm that I'm a problem this, that eventually it's just not true. You can just cry wolf. Yeah, times it's no different than the media the like, so, so where, where it's really hurt is when he has we put more money to work on stuff, and then, like, he diminishes the board seat control and other controls for his own vein optics, because he views as like me having, he doesn't know, right? Yeah, he's never investor. So he's like, Oh, board seats equal. You are good. I'm bad. If I don't have, then you don't have. It's like, nevermind that. He has 50% of the upside, right? Yeah, exactly. And what he's doing is we're putting more money to work and then losing our ability to sell, or something like that. The whole point is to control the preference in the boardroom. But he what? How the fuck would he know that? And how stupid am I that I've never been a position where he can mess with that, knowing that he was not in those he didn't learn this stuff. So he wasn't a full time investor. He was a 1099 venture partner. Very stupid of me, but

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:26:11
yeah, our goal will, in the meantime, is at least do as much work as we can behind the scenes, with or without whatever the final hurdles and steps are that our QC team requires us to do what's required of you guys, everyone involved. So we're trying to move things forward. Like you said, some things will have to be redone in a different way about to make sure we get approval to keep moving forward.

Joseph Guzel  15:26:33
What's the scope of the testing that you guys have? Like, I don't know.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:26:37
Yeah. I think the only the things that are fully done, like we're utilizing for true evidence is the GL detail, the financial reporting from a Duro and the bank statements that we were able to get via a duro from the bank portal,

Joseph Guzel  15:26:54
which, other than that, the SVB bank statement, you

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:26:58
know, which ones they are, tell Me,

Joseph Guzel  15:27:01
and then all these portfolio companies of mine, obviously they've all been reached out to, like, aren't they, and are they in scope tested, or is this just like standard audit?

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:27:11
Yeah, they're not. So they're all standing it, they're all sitting as unresolved right now because we don't have the confirmations back and we don't have the support for the valuation

Joseph Guzel  15:27:20
marks they would have been. And these are things that you guys, like, had meetings with with McLean, where you guys like, scoped out and shared the scope of the testing, like, we need to redo all of that. I mean, I Yeah, it's, it's, what did he tell you guys as to why I was not looped in?

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:27:37
Yeah. I mean, frankly, it was hard to get in touch with either of you. So obviously you're cut out. So that explains a lot now, but we've had maybe one or two calls since last August when we were trying to do calls. So we haven't

Joseph Guzel  15:27:53
exactly, did you solicit like this? Here's the companies that we're going to test. Did you run through like the spreadsheet with him and all that?

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:28:00
Yeah, we sent the spreadsheet. We haven't have we walked through it in detail with him. I don't think he provided a grid response, but we can't use it until we

Joseph Guzel  15:28:12
get, yeah, like, consider all that, all that stuff, like it, like you never got it, and then, like, again, any, any signature that you got that's just a unilateral signature needs to be voided and then reissued with with me and McLean on it. Your scope of testing is fine. Like, yeah, it's like, yeah, it is what it is. But like, cannot have unilateral, like, just McLean signature block on anything like that, yeah. Cannot do it, yeah, and, and what I mean, what look I have one company. I have one limited partner, which is, like cap rock, maybe two. But really, Cap rock is the main one where, like, they their multifamily office. They need, they need these hard numbers for q4 like yesterday all the time. This was the same issue last time. So, like I would, I would like to very much get all of this done by the 30th I'm not trying to delay this shit either. I need to fucking get fundraising. My kids coming in July and a half, you know. So everybody else matters less. But like, we can get this shit done in three weeks. Like, it doesn't need to be a big rigmarole show. And like, oh, Joe said this. McLean said that, literally, let's not do that. That's a huge fucking waste of time. Like just go, yeah, solicit everything. That's the unequivocal truth to Rimmer men, you guys come back. Whatever you need to do. You need to increase the scope of the engagement, whatever scope it in. Loop me into everything. Re ish, figure out if you can the portfolio testing is still copacetic. And if the GL detail, the GL detail and the bank statements, let's just let me know, like, what those were, and then maybe, maybe he did fine on the GL detail, I don't know. Yeah, like, like, if it's, if it's the same shit as last year, right? And maybe, but if it says in the GL detail that, like access controls and stuff. If those are scoped in there, then obviously, obviously, it's a huge fucking problem, right? Yeah, and it needs to be flagged, huge and, and it doesn't matter if you guys come back and say that, like, hey, these guys aren't running things properly. Well, we haven't been.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:30:21
Yeah, let me figure out the best course, because I think a duro probably is responsible for providing you, like, the q4 report for approval, going back to kind of controls and what needs to happen

Joseph Guzel  15:30:32
also, yeah, there are also, like, I, you know, I keep having to put them in check. Like, they, everybody's just trying to get their fucking job done, right? Yeah, I don't understand. And I'm not trying to make it harder. Like, I sincerely am trying to, like, easier guys, but just don't let him, like, fuck up my life, yeah, or I can't even, like, pay my rent, dude. Like, yeah, what's going on? Yeah, I built a successful fund. I'm not supposed to be dealing Yeah,

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:31:00
yeah, no, that's fair. And yeah, if you're in touch with the DR Oid and their CO share. They're sharing everything with both parties, things like that. The best thing you could do to keep the products moving for this next step would be looking at the q4 report that they can send to you, and you can let us know the q4 work if you approve it,

Joseph Guzel  15:31:19
yeah, yeah, I can't like so if I, if I approve the q4 workbook. Then that, then so many other things are then solidified and in this fucking reality, like the number one thing is I need to get my access controls back, and I need my management fees paid. I haven't been paid for q4 management fees. Yeah, one and they're not going they're not doing anything. They're just sitting on their hands because they don't want to do anything. I have Amex Haven Amex with 60 grand sitting due to Amex since April or, sorry, since January 8 of 2026 that hasn't been paid, and enduro is not jumping in and doing their job that I paid before adjudicating the fund expenses and that is never so it's never going to happen. I'm never going to approve that cute, that q4 workbook, until I get my property and my Yeah, exactly. It's like, it's just fucking asinine that I even have to mention it. If you guys tell a duro that they need to do these fucking things so that the audit can move forward, then guess what? Like clockwork, they're going to unplug this shit, like, I haven't been paid my management fees. That's crazy.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:32:31
Yeah, yeah. Well, let them know. You know, appeared with your permission, kind of just those parts of the notes of this call where, yeah, effectively, our scene was you haven't been paid those things. You have the credit card bills that are unpaid, like those that, and that's kind of holding you up. They have everything.

Joseph Guzel  15:32:50
They have all the couch and everything. And what they're, what they're going to say is, well, we're waiting for McLean and Joe to get to some kind of resolution. That's not, that's not good enough. Like, I'll, yeah, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna send comms out to all the limited partners tonight or tomorrow, finally, formally about everything that's happened and everything that McLean has done, and just expose everything so just FYI, including to his family office and everything. So that's that's going out. It's not like I'm gonna I'm not publishing numbers or anything, but it's my fiduciary duty to disclose this stuff, especially given that a lot of them have been communicated with respect to the operate binding operating protocol, and I need to, which is a binding, long form operating agreement. So, like, I don't know what else to do, I have to fucking do my fiduciary duty, right? Yeah, yeah, the portfolio is, there's a few other investments that are going to go out, but I'm not you know, anything that wasn't on schedule from last September is not happening like I'm not going to approve pro rata for something until all of this stuff's taken care of. So the right first step is just get the get the q4 fees unlocked, and get that Amex reconciled and fucking paid. They probably sent you the LP bank account. But if you look at the LLC or the GP, he put positive pay. So he put ACH blocks on my accounts so that I couldn't get to I couldn't ACH wouldn't work out of only me. Oh, interesting, yeah, interesting. Like, fucking a like, it's so it's so stupid and so and so viciously evil. Okay, I never tried to do any of this stuff to him guys. So it's not like I was fucking attacking him. I He's just, yeah, he's a really bad person. I'm sorry to say it. That doesn't mean anything other than just just look at the last times. He's not experienced enough to make decisions and stuff and so and he also doesn't have the leverage, like, if you guys can't get docs back from portfolio founders because of me. And this isn't me telling them to do it. This is them just coming to me and being like, should I sign? Yeah, they took like, should I sign this frankfurterman thing? I'm like, hold off. I gotta talk to them.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:35:10
Yeah, yeah, that sounds good. I think process wise will eventually, you know, hopefully that all comes through, and then you can improve the Q fours. In the meantime, if you want to look at the schedule of investments to make sure the valuations look good from your perspective, and if you don't want to approve anything, but you want to send your so I'm not

Joseph Guzel  15:35:29
even gonna, I'm not even gonna, like you guys, come back, tell me what's what's going on on your and after you talk to your people, let's chat on Monday, if they're sorry, what's today? Monday? Let's chat on Tuesday or Wednesday, if that works for you guys. And just get this pushed so that we don't delay anything further. But like, just tell fucking a duro to wrap up their their reconciliations. There's a lot of fund expenses and stuff to the back the LP. They gotta, they gotta wrap that

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:35:56
up. Yeah. There's a bunch of liability, yeah, okay.

Joseph Guzel  15:36:00
The like, yeah. Like, like, another piece of it too is on that, because I keep uncovering things is, there are, there's something like 200,000 or 250,000 of like unreimbursed or unreconciled fundraising expenses from q4 from q1 2022, to q4 2023, that I that instead of being categorized to to to a reimbursement, can maybe just go to like, balancing out the interest expense cost from the LOC, right? Like, so there's a lot of bookkeeping stuff that I keep uncovering that I need them to get like on,

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:36:42
yeah, we'll reach out to a girl. We'll definitely suggest what to do. Obviously, I don't know they'll do what they want to do, but we'll definitely put the pressure on to

Joseph Guzel  15:36:49
keep the process. They're not gonna, yeah, they're not gonna be able to do shit. And there's not gonna be an audit or nothing. And same for tax, like, I have to ping Anderson and shit. Like, nothing can get filed here unless it's done compliantly. Or to be like, this is not, this is not happening, because I'm gonna, I'm the one that's gonna have to live with this shit, and I haven't, and I haven't gotten paid, and it doesn't look like that's fucking happening anytime soon, which that's got to change like yesterday. So I've never had a problem. Okay, yeah, okay.

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:37:20
Well, if you have, if there's developments that are noteworthy as it relates to governance, responsibilities, things like that. If you can, please let us know, so we're staying on top of the

Joseph Guzel  15:37:30
everything, everything that I've given you is what you're going to hear, because he didn't tell you anything, right? Yeah, if you, if you can let me know what the scope of companies you guys are reaching out to for sample tests are, assuming it's brick dynamics, which he reached out to, unilaterally, Hamza every set and who else? Yeah, well, we'll send you that link, super connector. I think

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:37:56
we'll send you our selections for investment confirmations and fair values sampling as well. So you know what's in scope for us. And then, if everything, if there's changes needed, to schedule investments that you know we don't, you don't need to approve anything yet, but it just so we can keep the audit process moving so we're getting as far as we can until this all settled. That would allow us to kind of make progress behind the scenes

Joseph Guzel  15:38:19
with that. Did you pick those at random, or was there any kind of like back and forth,

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:38:23
there's a materiality threshold. So our general sampling is always going to be, you know, using everything over a certain materiality amount, and then a random sample of the ones that are below that materiality amount. So we end up with a pretty substantial coverage overall. Basically, anything that's potentially material ends up getting scoped in one way

Joseph Guzel  15:38:43
or another. Okay, sounds good. So All right, guys, we'll send you

Jonathan Bye (Frank Rimerman)  15:38:47
that detail, but yeah, thanks for your time. And thanks. Okay, thanks, Joe. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai