00:00:00 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Let's see. Hello. Hey, Joe. Hey, guys. Sorry about that. How you doing? Good,
00:00:19 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Good. Sorry I'm a little late. No worries. Yeah, how's it going?
00:00:24 Michael (Troutman LLP)
All right, how you doing?
00:00:26 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Good. sorry I've beenum uh, Not super responsive on emails. I got stuck in the bay andum and uh have not like had the leverage to just get in front of my computer. I kept missing flights. It was a whole thing, but good productive week nonetheless. Anytime it's a Hamza week, it's uh been really busy.
00:00:49 Michael (Troutman LLP)
All right, well that's that's no problem. We understand business gets in the way exceptional. 
00:00:54 Michael (Troutman LLP)
Um, So so really just a couple quick questions for you. And you know discussion of where we're kind of going. I emailed you emailed you the other day. What is the correct amount of the partner draw? And we say it's one sixteen five. They say it's eighty eight, eighty eight thousand and thirty nine dollars and some change.
00:01:17 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
For the partner draw?
00:01:19 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Yeah. For which quarter?
00:01:29 Michael (Troutman LLP)
For Q one and Q two, you calculated the draw at one hundred sixteen five, one hundred sixteen thousand five hundred dollars.
00:01:36 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Right. Whatever I had as the calculations aren't going to foot to what he gave you because he's excluding the Amex, and he's not categorizing operating expenses as. He's not categorizing anything as we usually do it, which I'll give you all the historicals. I know I owe it to you. But and he knows he's doing that. That's that's the thing. So the right amount of the partner draw is whatever I had in my model. That's the, that's the amount that we're both owed is what I calculated down to a T And.
00:02:13 Michael (Troutman LLP)
Nobody said It looks like yeah, Like the Q one and Q two draws as an example are are both one, sixteen, five hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred dollars. So I guess the question that that I had, again, I am not a fund manager, but is it the same every time? Like, if you were to go back to Q four Q one before this whole dispute started, Would it be one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred dollars? Or would it be some other number?
00:02:42 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
It'd be a different number. And I'll reconcile it for you.
00:02:47 Michael (Troutman LLP)
Well is it split between you and McLean? Or is it yeah, we've been all mentioned there was split between the. The two of you in the fund, he said.
00:02:54 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So, no. So what happens? What happens is we get our management fee draw every quarter. That's usually around two hundred and thirty three thousand, Which is the net of the gross two point five percent of AUM, net of our cash contributions for our one percent of the GP. And then it's usually seventy to ninety thousand. Each a quarter is where it nets out at depending on where expenses are reconciling. On that given month. Because I've never managed to get a fund expense reconciliation report, which I've done all of them, Uh to Annie on a per month basis because I quite literally don't have the bandwidth. Um so they she usually gets them every three months. So, it's usually every it's usually seventy to ninety K um depending on the quarter each every month.
00:03:50 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And but the Amex is settled every month, don't they? Right, middle of the month. And so until I get around to reconciling them, those those fund expenses from the Amex, not the operating regular expenses that would have just come out of the LLC. They would get uh reimbursed from the LP account up to the LLC account and then we get a boost. So, our net expenses uh have have always been pretty much consistent um month over month over month. What he's giving you is a is a reconciliation as if my Amex bill, uh, which is primarily OpEx, standard OpEx. And for which I take fund expenses as personal expenses that I don't need to just out of principle. Um and I don't ding him for any of the many things I'm about to ding him for in the email that I send you. Um He doesn't he doesn't include any of that right? He's netting all that out. He knows it.
00:04:48 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Because what he wants is cash flow. Right,
00:04:51 Michael (Troutman LLP)
If you look. Right, Joe, if you look at the the spreadsheet they sent us. Just to to make sure we're talking about the same numbers here. If you pull that up, um I can forward it to you again if it's if that'll be easier.
00:05:05 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
His calculation is wrong from first principles Michael because he starts not with the Amex reports, he's starting with the S V B account, so it's incorrect.
00:05:18 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Okay, And then he so so the ask to Ben should be help us reconcile why Joe's spreadsheet is like this, and yours is like that. And every other spreadsheet that I am going to give you, within I am going to have Annie back it up, is are all the way that I did it.
00:05:36 Michael (Troutman LLP)
Okay, Because just just looking at it doesn't look like you know the unpaid draw again. If you look at this. For Q three, he's got eighteen thousand thirty nine dollars and fourteen cents. It's exactly the same for both of you guys. That's. 
00:05:51 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Not the total though. That's not the total because remember he's not playing for his numbers are wrong. His numbers are wrong, brother. Okay, they're just wrong.
00:06:01 Michael (Troutman LLP)
Well, We were just trying to come up with an easy way to reconcile them.
00:06:04 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And it sounds like maybe they're unreconcilable because they're meant to be. He it's totally nonsensical. He's just, He's just trying to squeeze me. Um, okay. I I think respectfully thatum our our rebuttal should be,
00:06:23 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Um like a basically basically. 
00:06:30 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Takeum for for go for let's just focus on something like forget expense reimbursement right now. Just go forward draws. Like, like, like looking forward because we can't seem to look backwards. So assuming everything's reconciled, this is the go forward proposal that Joe has. Um take two hundred and thirty three thousand a quarter for the next. However, many years divided by portfolio responsibility because the initial investment period is over, and we don't have any more investments to make here. Like why like like. 
00:07:05 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
That's it. So he like cast finances my board seat. He has no business messing with it. So is break dynamics. Volta, I am going to opt to mark it down in Q four for Q four and Apoloma sounds like it's supposed to be marked down as well. So let's just do that. Just what what are the uh companies who covers them actually, because in the B O P doesn't match up to the reality. The legal docs match up to the reality and just divide it by that, and then uh each person gets what they're owed for the work. And then see what he comes back with from that.
00:07:48 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
All right, so explain that to me again.
00:07:50 Michael (Troutman LLP)
It'll be two thirty three a quarter?
00:07:52 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, So so if you assume an average of two thirty three a quarter for the next uh for just even the next year, divided by. An average of what?
00:08:03 Michael (Troutman LLP)
What is that? That's going to be the partner drop.
00:08:05 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Dynamics, cast. How many active portfolio companies we have? Let's see.
00:08:17 Michael (Troutman LLP)
What's the average on those, Joe? Is it revenue or something or what number are we. what numbers are we using to get to the average?
00:08:25 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Portfolio count divided by coverage.
00:08:32 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
For the only companies that matters.
00:08:34 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Because he has Apolloma and Volta. He has three companies, two of which I gave him, one of which is going to zero, the other of which Apolloma, he needs to keep alive. He needs a reason to exist. Cast finance is my board seat. I don't have to do anything. I haven't decided whether I want to approve that investment given how they're behaving. It's the second largest concentrated investment dollar wise in the portfolio.
00:09:04 Michael (Troutman LLP)
Okay, let's just let's just talk about the two thirty three. So when you say portfolio count, Um and I don't know Jordan if you understand it, but just explain to me, what like, what what makes up that number is it is it like,
00:09:19 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
How would I get there? And how would I explain it to Ben. 
00:09:24 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
While I am pulling that up? Uh. Just hold on, just give me one moment. So we got Hamza Cast, Superconnector, Brick Dynamics, Pico Labs, Everyset. Tribovolta. 
00:09:37 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Apolluma. Okay. So, let's say there is seven companies that. 
00:09:48 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Are the active core investments that are the value drivers in the portfolio we're coming up on on year five, right? We have things that have gone to zero. We have things that are stagnant, that we're not going to invest more money in. Um, and we're 83% invested called and reserved, and we need to make a capital call that'll take us into the nineties. The whole point is not to go over 100%. Now now Hamza is our most valuable by far business. And I have the board seat and uh that's safe now. Done done done Cast. 
00:10:24 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I have the board seat. It's our second largest uh cost basis, uh concentrated dollars in the portfolio. I was trying to convert that to a price round. He screwed it up to do whatever he's trying to do right now, which is the same thing he did with Pico, right? Which is the same thing he also did with Brick Dynamics, right? He's trying to just do repeat the same behavior, like try to fuck up the deal, try to make me look bad with the founders yada yada. Um and then try to strip away power and all that shit. Um Superconnector, I got the board seat. We don't have to do anything there. Um, we own shares, right? Uh, it's not on a safe brick dynamics. Same thing. We don't necessarily need to do anything there. I have the board seat Pico Labs. You don't have to do anything there. Neither of us had the board seat, But I have the control right because it's tied in with Hamza, every set same thing that one's that one's graduated Trebo got marked down Volta, he's got.
00:11:23 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And then Apoloma, and then Tigery. So those are the couple that are missing. So we're done investing. We do not need to deploy another dollar into another company, period. I'd really rather not, especially if it's like this. He needs to have something to do here, otherwise we go to arbitration and what what are they going to see? Like what what is he actually working on? He's not working on anything.
00:11:54 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
He doesn't have anyresponsibilities. And it's over, the fund's invested. This isn't like we still have years of investing to do together, right?
00:12:04 Michael (Troutman LLP)
Yeah, no, I mean the goal here Joe is to is to try and separate, right? The goal is to separate and not have to go to arbitration. That that's the goal. But,
00:12:14 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
You know how do we if we did if we did, then that's like this is these are the facts,
00:12:19 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Right? And so what. 
00:12:24 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So, What if we just took the two hundred and thirty three thousand divided by hisresponsibilities today, Uh and mine like by this total, by uh by ten or by nine, sorry, two thirty three,
00:12:36 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Divided by nine. Nine companies is that what you're dividing? Yeah, that was like twenty five k a board seat basically, a quarter.
00:12:53 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Because all. 
00:12:54 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
All he cares about is trying to destroy my board seats and make them neutral. That's the pattern that we have black and white here. He tried to do it with Hamza in every set. He did it with Pico just recently. He's trying to do it with Cast because he can't rewrite history, so until it's history, right?
00:13:13 Michael (Troutman LLP)
Right, well let's do this just just try and push back on their chart. Can you send us a Information as to how the partner draw was determined in I, guess sending that email in I, guess it would be before the dispute arose. So it would be in I guess Q two. Of twenty twenty five, but why are. 
00:13:40 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Why are we answering their questions? They're not trying to settle.
00:13:43 Michael (Troutman LLP)
No, no, we're trying to push back. Joe, They've said this is this is these are the numbers we want to push back and say, no, your numbers are wrong.
00:13:50 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But what the pattern, what the literal pattern that I've been living through for like this is now the eighth. One of these. He's doing. It's the same thing every time uh that he, he he's trying to do now with brick dynamics. And withum. Cash finance is the same thing I just wrapped up with Pico. Is the same thing that I just got through with Auto Lab. Is the same thing that i it's every single time. This is what he's been doing.
00:14:16 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Um, right? So, The idea would. 
00:14:22 Michael (Troutman LLP)
Be to to understand the historical numbers so we can go back and say,
00:14:27 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Understand them, though they don't give a shit about the numbers, respectfully, like I I, what they care of what he, what he wants is he wants board seats. Because all he's been doing this whole time. 
00:14:38 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Is trying to take my board seats away. So.
00:14:44 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So that's why it's like they they proposed the most bullshit numbers I've ever seen. They've had my numbers for so long, they didn't even reference them. Everyone's just assuming that they're wrong. I did every motherfucking fund reimbursement, every expense report, I authored every document at this firm. So it's nonsensical. If I say it's nonsensical, it's nonsensical. It's just a fact which will stand up in arbitration. It won't be an opinion. And and I'm. 
00:15:12 Michael (Troutman LLP)
I understand that all I'm asking for, Joe, Is if you can send us, we just i want to be able to show Ben like here are some historical documents, which i would show you at arbitration, but i'm showing you now. Your numbers are wrong.
00:15:26 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And here's why. And that, that, that will be the easiest thing in the world for me to give you, and I will give you that. And I know I've said that for a couple of days, but I'm just one guy literally doing all of these things, remember? So he doesn't do anything. So, what did the rest of the email or the rest of the rebuttal is where the real meat? And potato is potatoes. Are that I feel like we need to counter and turn the tables because here I am about to endure this again. For like the tenth time of like, oh, he went and called the brick dynamics founder, Which he has no business doing because he's illegally taking my uh my email again. I spoke to his E A by the way. He has a virtual assistant that's two thousand dollars a month. I don't have a virtual assistant. Interesting. Um, okay. She confirmed that. 
00:16:16 Michael (Troutman LLP)
He is yeah. So this is what I think we should do. Okay,
00:16:21 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Oh, go ahead. Well, She confirmed that uh she confirmed that he's been uh that after he pulled the email, He set up meetings with all the founders and then told them that I was fired from Haven Ventures. Even like Pico, which we just consummated an investment there right. And I have her on uh on audio transcript. Okay. Yeah.
00:16:46 Michael (Troutman LLP)
But if you can if you can show us how the draw, Is determined how it was determined before the dispute arose. So, Q two Q one of twenty twenty five that would be super helpful if you could. And again, just if there are documents,
00:17:02 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
If there are documents and there are emails and t here is statements,
00:17:05 Michael (Troutman LLP)
You know. And, again, we we need the source documents show so we can we can show them to to those side. Yeah. And, again, just you know, the whatever is the cleanest crispest way to say here, it is black and white. Yeah, whether it's a deposit into your account,
00:17:19 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But that's going to whatever it is going to take me. That's going to take me hours to pull and I am going to do it. But. But the and they know that because they've been doing this to me and I've been pulling together data like this for over a year. So what actually matters is everything else he put in there: Volta, Apolloma, Brick Dynamics, and Cast Finance. And, then that email that came in from Cast Finance. And the fact that we had a Cast Finance board meeting the other day. And I didn't attend after talking to the CEO, who I don't want to invest in this company, Cash Finance. It's a low integrity founder. You can only lose one times your money in this business, right? So like I'm not interested in doing this six hundred k investment in Cash Finance after how the founder has behaved. You can't invest behind low integrity and make money. So he doesn't know that, right? McLean doesn't know that.
00:18:15 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
He's been manipulating this situation, and he just didn't realize that Matt isn't like the CEO of Cass. Finance is not like the others. He's lower integrity. Sometimes you make a mistake in venture, you only have to be right once per fund, right? So previously he was arbitrating that he didn't approve of anything with Cass Finance. It's I'm pretty sure it's in the arbitration. 
00:18:43 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Thing that he filed. Now, he's saying that's the number one priority, and that I. 
00:18:51 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Have to do it because he thinks that I get that, that I am anxious about it and I need to get it done. I'm not.
00:18:57 Michael (Troutman LLP)
The response to that is simply we we don't want to make them investor.
00:19:02 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Ii think we don't even talk about it like II think we don't even address that orum Volta or uh Brick Dynamics and I think we simply just focus on Apolloma.