Joseph Guzel  17:58:11
What you do with me. So

Jason Tiger  17:58:15
just going to the top like what you said, Oh, he has been healthy. You're going to send a lovely letter, whether you use Troutman, but I think you need to tell them what you're doing, or you may need another lawyer. More in regards to separating out business and more has to do with just civil and what you're going to do is you're going to get a letter and it's Troutman. They say, No, don't do it. Maybe. They say, Okay, can we do that for you? But you're going to get the head of the Troutman organization, who owns it, to write the letter for you as a representative. If it is otherwise, you're going to get troutman's got 100,000 No, but all that matters is it's the main guy who sends a letter. What do you

Unknown Speaker  17:58:54
mean by that? So lawyers, usually, when they send

Jason Tiger  17:58:56
a very litigious letter in power, they send the fucking guy who owns the fucking law firm. But anyways, that's if you go try it. The key is that you're gonna send a separate letter that has nothing to do.

Joseph Guzel  17:59:07
Let's just say it's Troutman with with Troutman is the lawyers. And the people that I have are the people that I have. The most senior one is Steven. So you're gonna get Steve and so what Troutman? What Troutman has been dealing with them as if or Ben's a lawyer, when he's really a friend. Got it? Yeah, yeah. So they're getting played, right? So what you're gonna do is you're

Jason Tiger  17:59:27
gonna send a separate letter. You're only gonna focus on one thing,

Joseph Guzel  17:59:33
sending it to, sending it to who, theft, send it to who and fraud. Who am I sending

Jason Tiger  17:59:39
it to, sending it to McLean. McLean individually, not his fucking lawyer, Ben, because he needs to get a different way. Send it directly to McLean about theft and fraud and very simple theft of email and money, he has three days to release him, or you will be filing a civil lawsuit against him for theft. He has three days to figure out that once that is figured out, maybe it complies, it will give you more power.

Speaker 1  18:00:21
Then guess that's all that matters. You need to get your fucking money, because then you're gonna fuck once it gives up

Speaker 2  18:00:32
that then paid or personal loss of fraud, everything legal, steel stealing and treble damages, you're going to threat.

Unknown Speaker  18:00:40
What are treble damages?

Speaker 1  18:00:42
Treble damages, probably the worst thing you can accuse us is triple the

Jason Tiger  18:00:46
amount personally of what he always installed based on punitive because he had punitive

Unknown Speaker  18:00:51
intent. What's punitive mean? Like,

Unknown Speaker  18:00:54
he purposely, like, wanted to

Unknown Speaker  18:00:57
hurt you, which is what it is. This is what it is. And in

Jason Tiger  18:01:00
California, it's triple the punitive so you can look at treble damages. That's what you're gonna threaten. So treble damages remedy often amended by such a report. Triples the actual commentary. Damages awarded the planted three times initial

Joseph Guzel  18:01:15
amount. Can you ask in GPT or something

Speaker 2  18:01:18
particularly egregious will for fraudulent conduct?

Joseph Guzel  18:01:22
Can you? Can you? You know it's, can you?

Speaker 2  18:01:25
Okay, let me finish. You're gonna do that. Okay, death and broad trouble damages for release of your money and your email, that's all you're gonna say. Nothing else matters.

Speaker 3  18:01:37
Nothing else you're so right on. Nothing I'm not gonna say. Anything else. I'm not gonna Yeah, nothing else fucking matters you.

Speaker 2  18:01:44
He is then now gonna respond and do whatever he's gonna do with that. He has three days.

Joseph Guzel  18:01:49
Why am I giving him three days? Why reasonable day. What for what loss? If a

Speaker 2  18:01:55
court one day looks at it you didn't give him enough time, just give him three days. That's it. Maybe even three days. That's it. You don't have to say business days. You today, you have three days. And you give a date Monday if you want to send it tonight, three days. If he does not, you say Troutman, upon this letter, file the lawsuit,

Unknown Speaker  18:02:15
you have to be prepared to

Joseph Guzel  18:02:16
do that. Yep. The question is, Will Troutman do it?

Jason Tiger  18:02:21
That's why I'm saying you may not be able to use Troutman. You may tell Troutman, Hey, I like you guys on the business side, but I'm personally going from the plane, and this is what I'm doing with separate

Joseph Guzel  18:02:31
they represent me personally, but they're talking about the business itself. They're trying to what they're trying to do is to not let it go to arbitration, because they believe that Ben is leading them down a path. They believe that Ben is being a lawyer.

Jason Tiger  18:02:48
That's not the case. Doesn't matter, Ben, I'll tell you exactly what happened. Oh, fuck, my plane. This is getting a little bit middle. I don't represent that

Speaker 2  18:02:59
Ben, the claim will get Fuck, I need Ben and all this. And you also are gonna say in the letter,

Joseph Guzel  18:03:07
do I do? I do? Also, do I have shoe Ben in the letter, do? Okay, I love that.

Speaker 2  18:03:12
Ben, we are also going to go after and tell the bar for your conflict of interest, which is illegal. As a lawyer representative

Unknown Speaker  18:03:25
to do this, she wouldn't do it.

Unknown Speaker  18:03:27
Conflict of interest to them,

Unknown Speaker  18:03:30
threaten, yep. That's what

Jason Tiger  18:03:32
you're going to do, okay, because and you're going to make the connections of the exact reason for the LP and all that. That's a conflict of interest.

Joseph Guzel  18:03:42
Hold on hold on hold on I'm trying to try to order what is

Speaker 1  18:03:49
conflict within a legal term

Joseph Guzel  18:03:52
for a lawyer. So I tried to get this earlier. Jason, I'm not sure if you were back from Miami or what, but when this came up,

Unknown Speaker  18:04:05
what I tried to do, conflict

Speaker 2  18:04:07
of interest is a legal practice in an ethical violation agreement the lawyers do to your clients directly

Joseph Guzel  18:04:11
opposed by their own interests. I tried this already, and we and we included it because here's where I failed, was because I wasn't looking at Ben, like, as everything. You got to just break it down to, like, the base level of what it is. First thing I told Troutman, like, when we were first, they were like, we're ready for you, Joe. I'm Steven. I'm this. I'm meeting these people's head from Jordan. I was like, these are, this is the situation. We have to get Ben off the table. That was like, number two. And they were very confused by it. Of course, they were right. No, hold on. It's confusing. That's why that's what they're doing. It's gaslighting. Come on. You see it makes you sick. So it took me weeks to get them to agree to send a letter to Oric. It was the initial response when McClain put me on paid leave. How can you put me on paid leave? You can't listen. And I was I focused them on I was focused on the the fact how Ben's behavior, how Oric was behaving. I was like, Look, McLean's using Ben and weaponizing him in a way, in Oric with impunity, because it's so making things seem like a business problem when it's a personal problem,

Speaker 4  18:05:35
you're going to threaten conflict of interest and reporting

Joseph Guzel  18:05:39
to the bar. Okay, reporting to the bar. Can bar reporting go anonymously,

Unknown Speaker  18:05:45
of course. Just say reporting to the bar, okay, I want to learn the claim.

Jason Tiger  18:05:48
Will start to panic. Yeah. You may use Troutman. You may have to get another lawyer.

Joseph Guzel  18:05:53
I don't have money. Okay, you're gonna use I don't have money for other legal counsel. I am so I'm so broke. You're gonna just tell Troutman to do it great. Or do I send it directly? Do I even tell troutman and I just send it as if no, hold on, hear me out. I email, send the email to them and CC Troutman, I'm fine doing that. So it looks like Troutman blessed it. Talk to Trump. Troutman is just trying to get me to settle. This would have worked. Doesn't matter. No, it would have worked, like three weeks ago, to go through them. What they're gonna do is block me now, and I could lose them.

Speaker 1  18:06:32
They aren't block you from doing anything. You're the client.

Speaker 3  18:06:36
You can do whatever you want. They see what my situation is. It doesn't matter.

Unknown Speaker  18:06:42
I don't understand that they they'll

Joseph Guzel  18:06:44
just start focusing less and less on me, like they have been. I'm living this, Jason, I don't care what you're saying. I know what you think, but I'm this is my situation, dude, I'm being really fucking honest with you.

Speaker 2  18:06:58
This is the way to win. I You have to, I know it's not a risk. They will protect you.

Joseph Guzel  18:07:04
I have to convince them that this is the truth, which, without that, I have that recorded, that's

Unknown Speaker  18:07:13
what you're going to threaten them. Now what you could do?

Unknown Speaker  18:07:20
No, that's what you can do.

Speaker 2  18:07:23
Conflict of Interest, unethical reporting to the bar. You're going to say, release an email within three days, or we will be finding a personal civil lawsuit against theft and fraud, separate

Jason Tiger  18:07:34
from the arbitration, then what you're gonna do is come up with your terms. This is how you get Troutman on your line.

Unknown Speaker  18:07:45
You're then gonna come up with whatever terms of

Unknown Speaker  18:07:47
Metropolis or anything. I didn't send anything.

Speaker 1  18:07:49
Okay, perfect. You didn't even see McCormick Tina,

Joseph Guzel  18:07:54
who cares? I'm not even happy about his terms. Now, what you're gonna do his terms is what I was trying to tell you. Are the opportunity. I don't care about his terms. No, his terms are just about you and shit and cast. No, you're on them. Why does he put them on there, on the. To tell you this what you're gonna do, he puts him on there, because what he's trying to do is be relevant. So he gave us a golden bridge.

Unknown Speaker  18:08:19
Exactly. You are then

Speaker 1  18:08:22
going to work this weekend with me on

Joseph Guzel  18:08:27
the last the reserves in one final sweep. No, that's a me thing, and I already know what to do there perfect. You have nothing to do with that. It's going to be in the I need you for the human shit. This is where I'm failing. This is it, and it's the thing. But you, you're not fucking hearing me. It's super unempathetic. No, hold on, Jason, like you want to fucking talk about reserves and business issues. I need your help on how to navigate the fucking people. You're right about this. You were onto something. But when I tell you something like, No, you don't fucking listen to me, dude, then why the fuck when I tell you something that I'm going through with Troutman, you just give me a fuck. You don't give me advice. You give me dickhead advice. You tell me, Well, just go fucking No, they have to do it like that. Doesn't help me. You have to fucking understand that I'm in a this is the my situation. I cannot just get them to do whatever I want, fucker, as good as I can get you to listen to what my actual problem is,

Speaker 1  18:09:28
my betrayal thing where they will be able to understand and feel you, and it'll be a lot easier. How sorry,

Jason Tiger  18:09:36
the reason why I say, get to the reserves, which we're already working on, from what McLean said, everything that you have to do for the rest of the fund laid out,

Joseph Guzel  18:09:44
which I did that in last September with you. Okay, God, one

Unknown Speaker  18:09:51
final scoop. Take what you said.

Joseph Guzel  18:09:55
But Jason, Jason, Jason, no, why do why the fuck would I talk about deals right now? No, no, no. Why? Why would I talk about deals with McLean? No, it's not why McLean's terms were deals. McLean's terms are always deals. Why would I talk about deals? Why do I want to do deals I can't

Unknown Speaker  18:10:17
even like do? Then just focus on this I want

Joseph Guzel  18:10:20
to talk about. I can't get to it. Why do why would I talk about deals that I know I'm going to get done? I'm trying to get the deals done without talking about the deals. I'm trying to get everything else. I need to travel. I don't need to do deals, don't you get it? I don't need to do tigeree, but the point is getting those done. I need to get free. There's no world where I do tigeree. I do cast and stuff, and I'm stuck in this nightmare. This is how you get free, by talking about deals with him like he wants to talk about deals.

Jason Tiger  18:10:50
It doesn't matter. It may change. No, it doesn't all about that's what I'm trying to get to. Is that Troutman is getting what you've told me into what they just

Speaker 2  18:11:04
want to say. With this, you get leverage. With this, you get leverage. Shows a good faith. Doesn't matter what you put there, but it's one final swoop. They realize, oh, wait a minute, it's trying to come to a settlement. You've already done it. You also within this you put another section, any other terms that you put? Now, why

Unknown Speaker  18:11:30
am I laying out all these terms for him?

Joseph Guzel  18:11:33
I want? What? Why? What am I negotiating? Jason, what am I negotiating? What does he have that

Speaker 5  18:11:41
I want? It's nothing to do with my plan. You're just telling him what you're doing.

Speaker 3  18:11:45
Yo, that's what that's that's been your What does he want? He wants deals. You're not getting

Joseph Guzel  18:11:52
any of Yeah, I have. I've given him every single fucking deal. No, no, dude, since September, I've given him every fucking deal. I've lost board seats every time. He hasn't gotten them, but I've lost them. Don't you get it so his you, you do not hear the word said, don't. Don't pretend when I say settlement, you hear it's a fucking trick with him and his friend that they're pulling no

Joseph Guzel  18:12:23
McClain and his friend are planning A trick, the same trick that they keep doing. It started when Jordan, my friend at Troutman, a real lawyer who's acting like a lawyer, called when I answered, and he was like, McClain is going to settle his boss, Steven, who's on my team, talked to Ben lawyers, talking to lawyers. Let's put an end to this nonsense that was right. Every day I've said this will never go to arbitration, and I have people around me that are just thinking about that and missing the fucking game. So Jordan said all the things that you. He did. It's in good news. And for a moment there, I thought it was actually over, because I was fucking moron and I didn't see it for what it is. I could be done with this right now. Immediately afterwards,

Unknown Speaker  18:13:29
Maclean and his friend send

Joseph Guzel  18:13:35
a proposal settlement to Troutman, because it's about influencing them to influence me. Now, isn't it just like with the founders, Troutman spends all day trying to get me to settle down. And what's on those terms, an egregious non starter to get an emotional reaction, it's just designed as a trick. Hold on. So forget about the money piece. All right, there is no, there is no winning a money argument. That isn't this idea, because the money is their asset, and they know that they're weaponizing it against because I don't have unlimited money, so I can't pay for lawyers forever. They see I have a money problem. I'm not settling to get the money to pay for them. I don't have lawyers anymore, right? Then, what is on the settlement? You just started running to it when you have your call and I had mine, right? What did he propose in him and his friend? Well, I was just about to read it before we had our call. So you ready for it? It's really, it will matter a lot, if you believe me, because I'm actually trying to solve this. I'm not trying to fucking I'm trying this will get us done. I'll be actually done. And the way we use the deals this time is the ones that you won't forget. It's the ones that aren't on the table, right? One more thing I'll tell you, before the Troutman call with Oric happened weeks ago, before Aspen, this is how long I've been sitting on this settlement, because I knew it was a fucking fake like to see what it is. This is what every time I see he's doing stuff. He's moving chess pieces around me. There's two people here that are remote, and I have the whole business in my hand. He doesn't have any responsibilities. He doesn't do anything. There is nothing. He wakes up in the morning. There's nothing to do. Okay? I haven't even seen or talked to him since, like last summer, right? I'm in Bakersfield. I'm driving back about to go up the grapevine, and I had gotten a text message from TJ about something with a deal, because I got a hunch like, oh, the audit. I feel like he's doing something with the audit, right? And he was, he's committing fraud with it. He's been pinging my because, because, if there's an audit of a venture firm, what the auditors are doing is they're auditing the limited partnership to see if the transactions were done validly, how many board seats and how much of the transactions has McLean done? Which companies is he responsible for? It must have left my

Speaker 4  18:17:11
wallet at Home. Thanks for being patient. On. You. It's

Joseph Guzel  18:17:46
a it's not a California thing.

Speaker 3  18:17:48
Government, government. I

Unknown Speaker  18:18:16
Any your ID

Joseph Guzel  18:18:18
my wallet somewhere at home. It's IBM, so it's doing me a favor. Crazy this

Unknown Speaker  18:18:33
this works

Speaker 6  18:18:44
all the time. Sorry, Joseph. I see why your phone sucks. Gotta get you good phone.

Joseph Guzel  18:19:06
Do I look like I'm yo? Do I look like I'm 19? Look at my hair.

Unknown Speaker  18:19:11
Me great. Your black is okay. I know you are in there.

Unknown Speaker  18:19:21
He's 26 Thank you.

Joseph Guzel  18:19:30
Sorry for yelling, but I am under a lot of stress. Okay, so, so let me just read you, because we didn't get caught up.

Unknown Speaker  18:19:43
Do you like that time? Though?

Joseph Guzel  18:19:44
Yeah, and you it makes, it's starting to make a lot of sense that I got me a drink. I a drink?

Joseph Guzel  18:20:00
I'll give you some of the cocaine. Okay, you want to, you want to do a little bump? Okay, I'll do, you wanna do a little bump? Ski, okay, yeah, do a little bump. Ski, I'm not

Unknown Speaker  18:20:14
doing a wall, you

Unknown Speaker  18:20:23
know, I love you, and I know you've been through shit, so don't worry.

Speaker 2  18:20:28
Yeah, that's a difference, you know? That's the difference when you're like, you know, and Matt, and it's like,

Speaker 7  18:20:37
they don't really, and that's, that's the tough part.

Unknown Speaker  18:20:48
But I think that's, I

Joseph Guzel  18:21:00
terms. So,

Joseph Guzel  18:21:10
so by the way, that that lapse time, where, where I all that, all those things happen. And showing you that like it's from the outside, it probably feels like, oh yeah, they're going back and forth. If I tell you about something like a settlement, it never has. It actually been no, it's again. That's why it's never been back and forth, and that's why it's not over. I feel him, I feel the earth shifting around me, right? So that's what was happening here, Jason last year, bud, right? And all my anxiety, where we come back and it's like, okay, well, what am I doing? And I'm so confused on what to do because of being stuck. That's what being stuck is for me. The Earth is shifting around me because he is manipulating and maneuvering in order to do all of this the damage to and with with impunity, I have a different problem than he has. I cannot let these companies fail. Otherwise I am a failure, and I if I'm a failure, my life is over. My life is really hard right now, and I did well on this cut, on this deal, even if it even if I sold one of these companies for a billion dollars, right now, I still have this dirty shit hanging over me. Everybody has been trying to get me to walk away from Haven. And you know what? Boy, did I get close. That's what I felt like I did, and that's why I didn't know what to do. But I cannot walk away from it because it can't leave me. No, you cannot fucking walk away. I literally can't. What do I What does that look like? The whole portfolio goes to zero. I give up. Hamza. No, no. It's like I don't, I don't under like all of my. Equity in my whole life and my career went into starting this business where a room of guys signed papers that said Joe did and was involved with these things that have value to them, and therefore he has his license to manage institutional capital. It's like having your fucking license to do anything, right? Okay, well, that's what this place is built on. And I don't worry about my reputation, because I never speak for yourself. No, they don't always speak for yourselves. You can have a bad reputation. And still have and still do well. You can be a huge asshole and still do well, and you can commit fraud and still do well, right? Look at Biden, but I don't do any of those things. I've never cut one corner. Okay, literally, even on the expenses, it's not coming quarters. If it was, I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. You don't evade taxes. You avoid taxes, right? Two different things entirely. Tax avoidance, not tax evasion, is a very different thing. So, yeah, and so and so every time, right? Because when we were in the mediation sessions, I was thinking about this constantly, and Liam was hearing me out with it, like I would get convinced, because everybody wants it to be over, and he knows that McLean, he's not, so he's not he's really smart. He's a really smart guy. You don't get into Georgetown undergrad on your own merit. Being his age in the years of Georgetown then without being really smart, and he's been around political people his entire life. Is he is just naturally good at it. He grew up in politics all over the world, in foreign countries, dealing with diplomats, watching his father do it, watching his mother do it. He is around the most elite, wealthiest people ever. He has to pretend like he belongs there with them all day. And so he is fucking excellent at this, at being something convincing that he's not because his life is about in his personality is his whole world. His universe is about Association. Being associated with Larry is what gives him power. He has no power with Larry. I don't think Larry likes him.

Unknown Speaker  18:26:04
Probably Larry or his sister knows that he's taking away your email

Joseph Guzel  18:26:11
and holding this no interesting. There's no way, or if they do, he has already convinced them that what he's doing is correct and I'm the problem.

Speaker 1  18:26:24
It's so ironic, but it could be used.

Unknown Speaker  18:26:29
He took away your Gmail

Joseph Guzel  18:26:33
to took away your Google Mail. No, that's not what he did.

Unknown Speaker  18:26:40
It's not, God, no, he took access away from you.

Joseph Guzel  18:26:43
Use what are? What? Go back to the base level of things. You're way up here when you say that, what is it? Primal Association. It's what people think this is. This is one of the only things Larry ever said to me, like I've only had a few interactions with him, and I've mentioned it to you before a bunch of times. It changed the way that I think about everything, everything. It changed the way I think about Bitcoin. Change the way I think about fucking energy, change the way I think about the Government Association. What? What is the only thing that you can own on the internet domains? You should know that better than anybody you love that. No, so he has the domain. I can't access the domain, and you can't call Google. You can call you can get to someone in Google that can re fix my problem in two seconds. If you have the domain, I don't have the domain, almost like I didn't think of that last year when he stole it. So please remember that, if everybody can, please fucking realize that it's been going on forever. You didn't get your round done last time because of this. It's not going to happen this time because of this. But this time I really am not going to I because I am in the. Different position right now. I like if the answer is do nothing and I get my freedom. I'm sorry, but I have to do that for me and Ashley, so, so, but

Speaker 2  18:28:22
I know for a fact none of that else, other shit is gonna happen, and it's done.

Joseph Guzel  18:28:26
No, no, I file, I file the lawsuit. I What changes? I win. There's no I win? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Will there ever be a law? Will there ever be a lawsuit, even if I file it?

Unknown Speaker  18:28:38
No, no, but it's a powerful tool.

Joseph Guzel  18:28:42
You surfacing that and letting me see that because, I mean, yeah, I'm very rarely in the weeds anymore, okay, I'm seeing everything very clearly. That was a that's really good. I didn't I wasn't understanding and associating the lawsuit in my head. Personally, I was viewing it as another thing like Troutman. I had to do, which Troutman in the mediation are the same thing? Hold on. If like you got to believe me. It's the mediation with Liam, right? Same fucking things that he does every time if he escalates, it more. Escalate, escalate, escalates

Unknown Speaker  18:29:24
Troutman by giving him a percentage of the winnings.

Joseph Guzel  18:29:27
Please forget. Please stop thinking that there will there were, even if I want one, it will never. It will never happen. Jason, Jason, it will never be a lawsuit. And I already did that with them. Obviously, I did all these things. I see the game. There's don't try to help me negotiate with fucking lawyers. I already am doing this stuff. I told and because they, they, I mentioned criminal lawsuits to them already. They know what I'm about right now, I'm not asking permission for people that work for me, right? So don't worry about that. Don't give me advice on that. Thank you. I really appreciate it, though, more advice on how to weaponize them and what problem, right? Because they are a liability. They're not an asset.

Jason Tiger  18:30:13
Weaponized Troutman, in regards to against McLean, or just weaponized like that's what I want to understand.

Joseph Guzel  18:30:20
He has a way more powerful Arsenal than me, and it's not money. He has a guy with a big fucking law firm brand that is doing whatever he's committing fraud. So does Troutman want to go up against Oric? Does anybody want to go up against Oric and Ben is not he is doing anything that benefits McLean. He's not representing a client. Don't you understand? That's why I tried to get him removed already, Jason, so I have the emails and stuff. I don't make me fucking prove myself to you. Got to just fucking believe me, it's exhausting. Like Troutman is not the game. Otherwise I wouldn't feel like this. Troutman is a ticking time bomb. They are my liability, more so than anything else, the companies are not my fucking problem at all. Period, getting deals done and getting him to to agree to deals, never a problem before in 2022 not a problem today. Okay, so that is not the game. The game isn't. Oh, I really need to do a bunch of deals. I don't want to fucking talk to any of you for a long time. I'm trying to go fucking raise and get on with my life. Get out of here like all of you. Troutman, Troutman, just like McLean, just like Liam, just like the founders, just like everybody, right? It's two guys here, not all of you with us. It's just me and him. You guys are not part of the company. You're part of the fun that's interesting. Actually, God, Joe, that's why you need a third person up in here. You guys are in the portfolio.

Joseph Guzel  18:32:32
Troutman's gonna run out of gas. They're running out of gas, don't you? So you see what I'm saying. We're getting no movement. Why do they want to keep working with me? I'm making my one of my best fucking friends look bad. He just got to this law firm. I need to get them business. That's why I sent them to you and stuff. Please engage. Have you not followed up? No, why?

Unknown Speaker  18:32:56
Why don't you just have no money, no money to spend for them?

Joseph Guzel  18:33:01
Oh, interesting. Where do you get it from? Where are you going to get it from? You. You need to see that I'm real. That's part of it. Remember I said you got to put on an act that the act of the Act is that it's no you had your one meeting with them two months ago, right? And they said, I've been dealing with them already for months. How many bills have I been able to pay them? This is not what they do. Steven and Jordan are like Dave and Priya. They're not litigators. They are on our side of the table. This is a huge waste of their time, and they're not getting Billings. I need you to do that, because I'm going to do this deal. I'm not going to do your deal without Troutman, that's for sure. Okay. They need to represent company counsel. Oh, my God, you have to sign the traveling right now. No, Jason, right now. Were you listening to everything there? Yeah, members starts to feel like, cool. He's working against me. He just told us. Why? Stop nodding your head. If you don't know, I'll tell you no.

Speaker 2  18:34:17
I think I do. I understand what with Cooley with the board, and how they represent on every board, I heard everything, and how they've been shifting and obviously, who

Joseph Guzel  18:34:28
does Cooley represent? Ed, cast.

Unknown Speaker  18:34:33
No, they also represent caps.

Joseph Guzel  18:34:36
I'm not represented by Cooley in Haven. One I'm not represented by Cooley and Haven management LLC or the GP. We signed them for Haven two, it never happened, right? Okay? I signed them for Haven ventures, Guzel fund two, I'm not going to go with them. Who's on EV's board as general counsel, what's his name? Cooley, who's on yours for now, you guess right? No, you signed with Cooley, right? Who's on cast? Who's on Hamza?

Joseph Guzel  18:35:29
Cast? Let's go back. That was the key one. When did Cooley? Because Cooley started really working against me this whole fucking fall, Dave's been avoiding me for a reason. Order of Operations,

Unknown Speaker  18:35:47
does Cooley represent crosslinkers?

Joseph Guzel  18:35:50
Yeah, representation within a fund. I have a business that isn't your fucking business. Me and you are not the same legally. Okay? You have your business. I'm an investor, right? So if you're in the business of my business, how is, where does the law firm like fully represent you. I don't represent you. I represent the shareholders. Right on with you. I don't you. My firm is invested in you, and I invested in helping you right, but I represent the preferred right. That's what you heard there with him. That's a board member. Do so there's a lot of very powerful preferred members on the task board. TPG founders, daughter owns the Kraken Maxine. These are serious people. That is why get putting pressure on me. That's a lot of powerful clientele in the boardroom that they represent in various different funds. Cooley, that is that were putting pressure on me, and then I was feeling it in Pico and everywhere else. Suddenly they don't listen to me so much. Cooley, why are they just doing whatever McLean wants and not doing what I want? McLean knows that. Remember how hard he was making it on fun formation for me, they were going right after Cooley to get to me. This is a thing they did and Dave told me, but then Dave has to bow out conflict of interest. They're signed with context. They're Haven two. Cooley and I have a relationship with Haven two in Haven one outside of he's on all the boards. That's why I told you with the Hamza board meeting right last fall, when I told when I put him on blast, was like, I'm gonna remove you from every fucking one of these boards to show him. Like, watch me, you think you're safe because you represent the company. The company is always the priority for the GC, its general counsel, like Stephanie. What was her? Literally the same thing. It's the difference between Stephanie and not Stephanie. There it is. So Stephanie. Stephanie's on is the GC for Cass Stephanie's the GC for Homs is Stephanie's. I'm getting fucked like that. You have to have Troutman why? It's the only way to bulldoze you through. If it's Cooley, I can't get it done without losing everything. So sign with them, and then, then we'll talk about your round. Okay, yeah, that was good. That's it. No, like, literally, that's, that's that. It's predicated, I will not do it otherwise, and I'm gonna tell him the same, no, no, he's gonna get the same. No, no, no, no, no, I am, yeah, I am. That is fucking brilliant of them. So that's what they were doing with the fun formation stuff him and Christina. You know, it's him and his wife that do this together. Dave, what

Unknown Speaker  18:39:07
do you mean? Oh, are you talking about Cass? Are you talking like whose wife,

Joseph Guzel  18:39:14
McLean and Christina? She's you didn't see those text messages? No, my wife said, Is she not part of this? Do you fucking understand? Or you just nod your head? Do understand I was just you're just saying yes. You say yes to everything. I say, I know you get tired, but like, you didn't do anything today. So, like, what the fuck dude, if you're gonna do anything, email them right now. Don't fucking Don't come. Don't talk to me again until you have them signed. I don't know what else to fucking tell you. This is not helpful right now.

Joseph Guzel  18:39:57
Sign fucking Troutman, dude, if you want to just nod your head and agree with me, I don't need a Yes, man, if

Joseph Guzel  18:40:12
you don't like what I'm saying, disagree with me instead of fucking throwing it back at me. I think the problem

Unknown Speaker  18:40:18
is, honestly, is that

Unknown Speaker  18:40:25
when people disagree with you,

Speaker 1  18:40:28
the trauma of you feeling attacked comes out and to them,

Jason Tiger  18:40:37
it's aggression, and they go immediately on the defense, and they immediately feel,

Joseph Guzel  18:40:44
I think, out of control. No, I'm definitely not out of control. It is exhausting to have to repeat myself over and over to a grown man when

Unknown Speaker  18:40:52
it's not just it, I'm not saying and, you know, but

Joseph Guzel  18:40:56
he, but he got there in two seconds, I had an aggressive bout with him, right? And then we were able to get professional and have a constructive conversation, right? I agree. He gave me, he gave me keys, but you have been sitting here for a year, but that's no you've been, you've been sitting here for a year, and then, instead, I forget about I repeat myself constantly. No, yo, the feedback for you

Unknown Speaker  18:41:19
is, I can't get feedback. No. Ask me, dude,

Unknown Speaker  18:41:22
I know that. I'm yelling

Speaker 2  18:41:24
No, but that's what I'm saying. Happens sometimes with a coolie, with some of these

Joseph Guzel  18:41:29
services, I know that, but they're service providers. I pay them to do a fucking service.

Unknown Speaker  18:41:36
They take it

Joseph Guzel  18:41:37
a certain way. I don't give a fuck. They didn't used to, I know. But so you want me to all be calm with you and listen to your fucking waste my time with shit when you sit here and you listen, dude, Jason, I don't understand, Jason, I'm attacked. Oh, you don't understand. I'm trying to explain it to you, so you're gonna gaslight it back in my face instead of take this feedback, listen exactly what you want. You're smarter than you fucking act. No, you're smarter than you act, dude, just fucking stop being lit like lazy about it, lazy about anything. Then why can't I get anything strategic from you. Either you like to spend your time with a dude going through this kind of stress, waiting for something to happen for you, or you're the kind of person that takes in information, deciphers it, and then has a fucking proactive discussion about it. That's what we were doing there. Well, I see it and then I don't sometimes, okay, okay, great, great. Like, let's just be on for a minute so that we can be done. Because everything that should take 30 minutes, you have context, they don't. You're the that's why I called you with my wife that time. Brother, you're the only one who has physically been with me 100% okay, so why does it always take you the longest to see what is going on actually, just with, like, the little stuff, because it's exhausting. I don't have time to be exhausted. That's why I'm shutting you down so hard. And you're not wrong. I am the. Me too much, I know, but, but I don't care, but I'm under a lot of stress right now, so your emotions don't matter right now. I my emotions are the priority right now, Jason, not yours. So help me or don't, because it helps you. What I've said the past two days, motherfucking right, because you've been wrong with your comments. But me, why didn't you be in this situation? I listen, maybe I was wrong to ask you for this situation. Okay, fine, but you need me.

Speaker 2  18:43:45
What you need me? I mean, I would love to meet you. I would love to

Joseph Guzel  18:43:49
Okay, so why aren't you fucking bending over backwards? Then

Speaker 2  18:43:54
Joe, in reality, I feel like I have,

Joseph Guzel  18:43:57
well, I listen you, I've given you credit where it but I need you for this not to fucking help me with another bad Filipino. I'm trying to give you a million effort today. I'm trying to give you

Speaker 2  18:44:11
only just said no no, so maybe I'm just not the tool for you at this moment. I'm fine with that.

Joseph Guzel  18:44:16
There's the one I have, and it's the only way to get your shit done. I don't care about my shit. It's not a threat, like I'm holding it as leverage. It's not leverage fighter I know. I'm just telling you I don't have leverage on you with that. I'm trying to

Speaker 2  18:44:30
tell you I've heard you. There is no point. I have nothing to offer. I'm listening to you. I can only sign up for travelman and leave because I've spent yesterday on the call and today trying. It's not what you want.

Joseph Guzel  18:44:45
I'm trying to get you to talk about all this fucking gold information and to put yourself out of your body for a second into thinking the person. Perspective of, I have tried this is the only other fucking example that we've had that here you work. He gave you beginning, middle and end. I have not talked to this man in forever. This same pattern of behavior is about to happen to you. Yeah, the same thing's gonna happen. Okay, Joe, let's do around. You've been wanting around to get done, haven't you, of course, yeah, it starts the clock on the game now, and it's not normal. Jason, this isn't normal business. So you're not trying to convince like like and you're used to not normal business, dealing with China and everything else, where the rules are different. This is like that. It's like me trying to do business in China right now. Is how I feel. I get that again. That's why I know you can help. I don't think I can truly what you are putting a lawsuit in front of somebody. Why do you know so much about these

Speaker 2  18:45:58
because I've seen it. Tell me more my own, my parents, my dad. I haven't I've seen it.

Joseph Guzel  18:46:05
All that stuff is the same. So teach me please.

Speaker 2  18:46:09
I have been threatened by a letter I've I've been personally sued. When my parents,

Joseph Guzel  18:46:15
you've been personally sued

Speaker 2  18:46:17
by a bankruptcy fucking lawyer. I've never gone through this. Yeah, when, when, fucking my my family business, we sold, they filed bankruptcy, and they claimed all the funds that have been done for a full year. So in order to do that, they don't ask. They just file against anybody. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter you can file in the United States. It doesn't matter if you're wrong or right. You can acclaim whatever the fuck you want, which is what he's been doing. And he hasn't done that interesting. He hasn't done it publicly. I didn't know this, Jason, so that's why I'm telling you, you could publicly do that. It does not matter. It's the thing is to scare the fuck out of him, because that's what he's doing to you. And I can see that he's doing that too. You need to go on the fucking goddamn attack, because you see with this buddy that they are throwing empty ass threats and just cornering you, with everyone around you making shit up because they don't have the fucking balls to actually do it, because they know that they would have to prove it. That is why all you have to do, do nothing. I don't give a fuck. I walk away from diagram truly. I'm trying to bring you mine. I don't give a fuck about it. Why do you think I'm meeting with other people besides VCs? It works great. I don't invest I don't give a fuck. I'll figure it out. We're gonna be fine. I'm saying this is good. You need to fucking focus on going after theft and and throw it at his ass and get him to feel that Brett, Holy fuck, that's gonna be public. You will send the fucking link of that lawsuit to Larry, to his sister and say, look at your goddamn brother, and you are going to do conspiracy to commit fraud, fraud, theft. Conspiracy, white conspiracy. It's fucking brutal. That means he's punitively doing

Unknown Speaker  18:47:58
it. It's, I don't know any of give me all of it. Throw whatever

Speaker 2  18:48:01
the fuck you want. It doesn't matter. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Throw everything at the goddamn book. That's chat GPT. Knowing everything that I discuss you what is every possible. Guzel thing that I could throw this motherfucker, make it up. It doesn't matter in a lawsuit of where you throw at least in the letter, and then even if you say it in the lawsuit, it doesn't matter. You just have to eventually prove it. Who gives a fuck if you don't? Because you're just telling me it's not gonna even get there. He's just gonna be like, Oh my God, it's public, and then you use that against him to get what you want, because he's doing that. He's too afraid to too afraid

Speaker 1  18:48:35
to you use his own tactic publicly against and everyone will read that.

Speaker 2  18:48:40
And who gives a fuck about the portfolio? Because he's gonna be like, one day, drop it, drop it, and I'll give you my money. He doesn't have the portfolio exactly, but I'm gonna sit wait. First of all, I don't think it gets past this shit. I don't think it does. It does. I think when you do that and hit your lawyers are gonna be doing, I have no control over joining. They're gonna be like, I have no control over that's what they're gonna say over it and or is gonna panic because Ben is also gonna see that, and they're gonna be like, fuck it. McLean, you better fucking do we better offer, and all you're gonna have are like, three points where it's like, I have control. You fuck off and die and I do what I want, anything else besides, I go fuck yourself three days. Tick tock. That's what I would do.

Speaker 3  18:49:29
It's amazing. Go for his fucking throat. Don't make me yell at you so much to get that out of you.

Joseph Guzel  18:49:37
Come on. That was awesome. I think you fucking killed me.

Speaker 2  18:49:40
And that's the way you kill him publicly. You send that link of the lawsuit to every single LP it will get out. Everyone will fucking realize, oh, when you

Joseph Guzel  18:49:49
when you told me a couple days ago this, no, no, when you told me, here's how much you that advice is very good and why I keep asking you. Because when I stayed up all night, the second night, it was after I talked to you, I was sitting right here, and you told me about the lawsuit thing. Then I stayed up for 24 hours and built no and built a settlement that at the end of it I got stuck because of this. No, no, no, no, no, yes, exactly, No, exactly. So it's, this is because of you. I didn't know what to do. Okay? So, so they so McLean, so remember, settlement is settlement, not a settlement. It's, it's whatever the fuck it is. So words are very fucking crazy things. So I'm sitting on it for weeks, and everybody's waiting on me to do something, and I'm getting pressure, but I'm I don't know what to do, because I know it's, it's a weapon, right? And the settlement that he had sent, but just real quick, is he exactly? They're all bullshit because, because there is ran, you go, die. No, no, no, but, but, but

Speaker 2  18:51:04
fucking sue his ass. Send the letter you have three days, destroy him

Joseph Guzel  18:51:07
publicly. What are we settling over? There's no dispute. Exactly.

Speaker 2  18:51:10
There's nothing you are suing us for what he did, which is broad daylight, you will win. Doesn't matter about any other the business stuff. He fucking stole your email and he's keeping your money. That's fucking theft. That's blackmail. Sue for blackmail. Suit for fraud, theft, conspiracy to commit fraud. Fucking soup Ben, say I'm fine to the bar because you have coffee ministries on our LP. This is the most unethical shit you have three days I'm sending a letter to the fucking Bar Association from where you are, where does he live? You find out where that is, but they will fucking come with and you say to Troutman in their back pocket when they come to call you, Troutman, because they will fucking look at the phone as soon as they see this. You give them 3.1 Joe will never fucking settle. Two, Joe will take the entire rest of the fund and what he wants to invest in and the last point of whatever fuck you want, and see what happens you don't

Joseph Guzel  18:52:07
really like when I show you right now, that's it. No, you're gonna, you're gonna really like what. I should know. I got here because of you. That's it. I got here because of you. So blow it up. I've been trying. I've been trying to tell you. I've been trying to tell you like so again, I

Speaker 2  18:52:23
people will respect strength. Cast EV myself, if you

Joseph Guzel  18:52:28
like, you want to die before this baby comes here. It really seems

Speaker 1  18:52:30
like it you're gonna get troutman's gonna love it.

Joseph Guzel  18:52:34
I pretty much, I pretty much, got there fucking smart. They are smart. They what you're doing. So okay, thank you the with Troutman. Here's the thing, one of my best friends is on the team. And what I saw the Ben game in the back of my mind, but I was hasn't had other things in the front of my mind, you know? And, I mean, I love you too, yeah? And think about it, what are like this weekend? This week, I'm in board meeting for hom for every. That for eight hours. Yeah, 100% same. The but, but, but, I actually think it's all, it's about chopping wood. We have to chop wood here, and and so. So what you have, you're gonna have, like, one thing to do, you need to get it done by Monday. I would like to get you funded, because all of this has to happen in coordination. You're because you're not on how we put you on the table here relative to the timing of this stuff and everything else. So Troutman, I've been testing my friend Jordan, right? So I'm trying to be careful with Jordan. He's trying to get this stuff done. Imagine he comes to a meeting and they're like, How is this not like the opportunities

Speaker 1  18:53:58
of advice for the rest of your fucking life? Please don't go to your friend who's a fucking

Joseph Guzel  18:54:03
it's a big firm. Don't give a fuck.

Unknown Speaker  18:54:06
Don't ever do it because they don't give you good advice.

Joseph Guzel  18:54:08
It was the best thing that I did. It was the best thing that

Unknown Speaker  18:54:13
they don't know you just Just

Joseph Guzel  18:54:14
trust me. I know that like i That's why I'm

Unknown Speaker  18:54:17
not even recommended step. You need a fucking

Speaker 2  18:54:21
cunt of a lawyer. Always you need some. Let me tell you, when my dad and the partner went to art, his partner physically took this fucking letter and said, mother fucker did that exact thing. You can ask my dad. You don't want everyone to know the fucking truth. And he said,

Unknown Speaker  18:54:42
everything you want. So

Unknown Speaker  18:54:46
that's what the lawyer did you

Joseph Guzel  18:54:48
have to fucking go for this guy's throat. Who cares? Last? Anything? Last? Last Feb March, right when they tried to do the the stage, when he tried to do the stage intervention, I can't believe he did that to me. Think of the mindset I was in last year. How exhausted and desperate. Well, dude, huh, nothing was real yet. That's how this works. Jase, I'm, I'm in a position when you do a fund, okay, fund ones aren't ever real. You

Joseph Guzel  18:55:34
it unless Mark Zuckerberg comes out of the sky and buys you for $48 billion investing in people that build businesses from scratch, which is all you've seen here. It's what I do for a living.

Jason Tiger  18:55:50
You're the best at it. Thank you dick, because obviously they all have flaws. But I'm here because I've seen your craft.

Joseph Guzel  18:55:57
I'm good at it. I'm and I'm good at making I'm good at making it work. It's gonna work right? It's I. I don't stop till it does it. People don't work, correct? That's it. Like you make, and when you're building a portfolio, it's years go by. Sometimes you might feel something you want to invest in somebody, and imagine it's, this is the first time where I had relationships with people in some way, shape or form, because I've never been able to, of course, get all of these deals done, this volume of deals, first of all, right, but, but on any given year at crosslink or something like that, I would get a fucking crazy busy years, like I did five things, five, five deals, crazy and forget about, like, subsequent transactions. Like, not a chance be and there's other people. There's like, you know, six other people, and we're all doing this that amounts to a whole bunch of deals, but also, like, we're helping each other, help the other companies. Like, you know, you'll have, it's, you know, every sets here. It's like, how can we help every set? And you have people around, the whole team is like, Well, what do they need? And Tobias and Eric will be like, this, this, this and that. And, okay, can we get them this person, that person, that person, right next. And you have a list this long, you know, because you have multiple funds, fund one in a couple years. What does it look like? What's still in business? What's not? Well, it looks like Hamza. Is the story of that fund right now, right? I might like that's the and you can it's real till it's not. Homs is a real 100 million dollar revenue business,

Unknown Speaker  18:57:38
but also your previous track record. No,

Joseph Guzel  18:57:41
you're only as good as your last deal. That's it, because eventually you hit a scoreboard and there's no hedging, so you can't, you can't fix your last deal either. There's no fixing things. So, so that's what I mitigate for, which is, if you're right about the founder, right, I stepped a soul to Mr. Beast. I didn't have to do much for that, right? But everything I did before and being right about T about CJ, right? It, and now I'm going to put that on a slide, obviously, right? Wait, crossing. Didn't know it's not, it's only huge if it, if it makes money, you don't make money on that, but what you have is equity, like, that's your that's how you build a firm. Every fund has to have a winner, and that's the story of the fund, because the winner makes up for all the losers, and it makes everybody money. Chime makes up for every shitty deal. Step. I never thought would return the that fund, right? But I also couldn't construct things in certain ways, right? 280, $7 million fund, we probably got our $12 million back. That's recycling. You put that in something else, or, you know, but it's also that's a good business. You don't invest in CJ. And it's if everything's the same, it's step yadda yadda. And CJ is George. What happens? Do you get? Do I get the 12 million back? Remember, I said the angel Gabriel, the if the angel Gabriel comes down that's cast, he has potential,

Unknown Speaker  18:59:22
but not as big as what

Joseph Guzel  18:59:24
he's he's this may have been like a blessing, like he's got, I forgot how smart he is, but, but not smart, like, he's smart, like George is smart or something. He's, no, he's smart, like, picture, bro, no, he, he's the biggest picture about he's, he's got a venture mind. He's like it, which is, you know, he's not the best operator. He's actually more like me. Yeah, he hires people smarter than him. It's about energy and desperation. This might have unlocked some investing $600,000 and he's got an equity problem now. He's suddenly but he also challenged himself. He's never done this before. Just order it here. Super pregnant. I have a pregnant wife without health insurance. I have to end this. Do I have a money problem? I have a the whole point about venture capital having fun. The nice thing is, you know how much money you're gonna get every year even front of himself.

Unknown Speaker  19:00:34
Yeah, you said you wanted to keep my skulls.

Joseph Guzel  19:00:40
No, I, it's I, yeah,

Speaker 5  19:00:47
I have that today. I have, I haven't. It's crazy. I was listening that

Speaker 1  19:00:55
unbelievable, this evil person.

Joseph Guzel  19:01:04
So how do I do that without any when I'm worried about my money, my health care, my everything,

Speaker 7  19:01:09
all you're focusing on is, that okay? Everything is about the money.

Joseph Guzel  19:01:16
No, I so let me, I will read you the stuff. Let me get this for after you want some Chick fil A, I know you got to leave and stuff. No, you got to go do a bunch of blow with him. Instead, we could be at my house doing the blow and sneaking off downstairs.

Unknown Speaker  19:01:34
I love that woman. Yeah, but we could

Joseph Guzel  19:01:37
have been doing blow here the whole time. We would have gotten this done in two seconds. I love blow. Spent the whole night. I love love it. I love it. It's really everything started going worse for me when I stopped doing it so much. I

Unknown Speaker  19:01:51
heard all that, and I was like,

Jason Tiger  19:01:54
what pissed me off is I wanted to almost like, Matt, you have no idea this motherfucker. I've been with Joe. I've seen this evil, manipulated.

Joseph Guzel  19:02:06
He saw it. No, this is by no, no, no, actually, not very long. They're not, they're not with me.

Speaker 2  19:02:16
Adam here, I know I just get, I get biasedly fairly so because I'm with you, I get upset.

Joseph Guzel  19:02:22
Yo Yo. If this would have been like I again, I need you to understand that usually, in this business, you're investing in strangers. No, hear me, obviously, right. Like, like, can you do you have 30 incredibly close acquaintances that are you can give $3 million to to start? Yo, that's my business. That's what I have to do. I have to go and invest, make these investments. That's weird. That's literally my whole life. That's how I eat, like and that's what's getting blocked. I can't eat because the way that I feed myself and my wife and everything my baby is getting fucking blocked. It's that vicious, and he is him. George, this is actually very fucking what a litmus test him. George Rick, Joseph Hansen got cleared because he was out before Brian Levine became a problem, but not really. Who else? No, those are the only ones. Yeah, I do have to solve for Chris right now also.

Speaker 1  19:03:35
So I've been so, you know, next week and Friday,

Joseph Guzel  19:03:42
thank you. And he's and he's the same with you. Yeah, I can't let, I can't I can't let him down. No why? And I don't want him to feel he's not a charity case, but he's, he's, he has a working thing. I think you should take it, but we'll talk about that. Right after I wire you a million bucks, let's bring him in. Yes, right after I wire you a million bucks, and he buys something nice for my wife with it, and you can use it as your personal piggy bank. Well, that's what that's the point of the point of the five No, I have debt. You have debt right now, the point of the 500k was to ideate. That's what that was for. I told you that. So you were always I told you, I told you to do it.

Unknown Speaker  19:04:29
No, I'm just saying I

Joseph Guzel  19:04:31
told you to do it so you weren't hiding anything. So shut up and stop doing that to yourself, like it's fucking dumb. Yeah, no, it's, it's, but I'm trying to get you to click out of a mindset right when I make those comments where I'm just like, because now it's like, you have to go raise and pretend whether or not I've told you million fucking times we're together, there's an arc of a story here, isn't there? So, but you can't raise equity capital from people unless you believe it and it's genuine. That's why I got really excited with him. That wasn't an act. Yeah. I was like. I was like, Oh, I am fucking impressed. I'm super impressed with him. He has something broke, like

Unknown Speaker  19:05:19
finally got the desperate of what

Joseph Guzel  19:05:21
we feel he was never supposed to raise right now he anytime you buy a company like that, and I've definitely learned that lesson now, I never did what I did with cast, and we talked about that we got back on this see to get us back on the same page, me and him, I was in. I remember being in their office. I was like, I'm in for 4 million. This is when I was only 1 million in because I knew what we had to do. I was in for this $4 million project that was, Let's go buy a strategic and I was like, it's, you're, we're gonna lose it all anyways. This was, like, a year and a half, two years ago, two years ago, and they were, like, baffled. And I was like, I'm gonna end up burning $4 million and it's either gonna, like, we'll realize that we have to buy things or we don't. And I was in their office never then I got an Uber and I left. It was the middle of the night. And what do you know, put another million into this thing? I'll be $4 million in. But something unlocked, and he wasn't supposed to raise until the fall. But Ron super son got blood cancer, so we didn't get this special deal that I was supposed to get. We had to do one to one on debt. We modeled everything. No, yeah, sometimes people get blood cancer out of nowhere. Well, yeah, he's an LP in Upper 90, the biggest one 40% he told me we it would be one and a half for three or something like that. We budgeted for it. His son gets blood cancer. He's not answering my phone calls. It's February. I got all of my all of these people in my life are trying to give me an intervention that I don't need. That I don't need. That's what was happening then at the same time, and my now pregnant wife is settling in to not being her father's daughter and her mother's daughter anymore, and being Mrs. Guzel, not Mrs. Gasparian. And you don't, you can't see it, you know?

Jason Tiger  19:07:18
Yeah, we need what fucking McLean's dumb ass motherfucker offered as a settlement.

Joseph Guzel  19:07:26
So you should have been a lawyer. But hold on, let me get my wife.

Unknown Speaker  19:07:31
Yes, I've seen the capabilities.

Joseph Guzel  19:07:35
So, so last last, last Feb, March, after that happened? Did you be really good at it? The last last, last Feb? Kim Kardashian, did it? What's a good sauce? Is it Chick fil A? Chick fil A sauce? Just Chick Fil it's for Ashley. She's eating dude. She's getting thick.

Jason Tiger  19:08:03
What gave me the most confidence, what you told me about destroying him, are two things, and maybe this will be good to say. It. One, beverages that he doesn't want anything to proceed to arbitration. Doesn't want anything to progress to a lawsuit he wants to settle. Two, that he has no money and he has no control

Joseph Guzel  19:08:28
of the property. He doesn't have money either. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. That's why I was that's why.

Jason Tiger  19:08:38
But he's using a friend. But the thing is, is that you remove them, he's gonna dive into his pockets,

Unknown Speaker  19:08:44
and he hates that, and that's what you're gonna do.

Joseph Guzel  19:08:48
I knew it, and I tried this, but I did it wrong.

Unknown Speaker  19:08:55
Insurance, it's like, dude just paid out.

Joseph Guzel  19:08:58
No, they have to pay it. And he did pay it out of pocket, and we didn't get on the thing them.

Unknown Speaker  19:09:02
That's why he's so upset. Christina's shit is failing. She has

Joseph Guzel  19:09:07
no money either. Oh, she can't raise they don't have money. They have nothing.

Jason Tiger  19:09:12
Yeah, and if you file this letter, just so you know, or if it goes public, he's not going to get money from from his sister either, until he figures this out,

Joseph Guzel  19:09:22
he's not going to get he's not gonna get money from them, no, especially if this, well, no, he can't. It's over. How is he gonna walk this back? Oh, me and Joe are good.

Unknown Speaker  19:09:31
So that's why you got the horse. You got divorce.

Joseph Guzel  19:09:34
That's why he's playing, that's why he's playing the win. No, no, I'm serious because, because what you're missing, what you're missing is what I said, what you think, because you're because of me, my credibility. McClain, I didn't realize even this before, and I didn't look at it right where it's just like, he's really just the brother in law. Let's play to that. He's he's really just the brother in law, and he's

Speaker 2  19:10:03
probably not even that. I think he's actually more of a fucking phone to them.

Joseph Guzel  19:10:07
I think he's a sympathy case. That's what I think it is.

Speaker 5  19:10:10
Yeah, he is, because I gotta be honest, this is another I would fucking kill my brother in law every time you went

Jason Tiger  19:10:17
to that office. How friendly was the sister to him in front

Joseph Guzel  19:10:22
of you? Whoa. It felt like he was intruding in her space. That's how I felt. Yeah, that's what I saw. Yeah, he's a fucking and all these employees here, these are real people. No, she's trying to, of course, they give him the shitty

Speaker 2  19:10:32
little thing they didn't give. Didn't give him, like, a Oh, like he has a big office, nothing.

Joseph Guzel  19:10:36
She's trying. She's trying to do a serious thing, and I'm over here diminishing myself with this loser

Speaker 1  19:10:41
destroying that's, that's the weakness.

Joseph Guzel  19:10:44
Well, here's what saved me from stuff like that. Before it was going to an office with serious people, he wasn't in our meetings, dude, physically, we'd come and have a staff meeting. He's not in the meeting, but he was there for the golden goose, and then covid made it. You know, he was a covid mistake. So it really like eroded my credibility and my judgment. That was the real risk to me when I go and I talk to people now and I raised capital. What I've realized, especially from Aspen, can you figure out how to get an Arnold Palmer here? If I don't go get that Arnold Palmer, we have to go to Chick fil A right now, physically fuck that. It's right down the street.

Unknown Speaker  19:11:24
I always get Arnold Palmer too. I love it. No, it's here.

Joseph Guzel  19:11:32
Pack up and go to Hollywood from Marina.

Unknown Speaker  19:11:42
Here we go. How did you do that?

Joseph Guzel  19:11:48
Sweet Tea, lemonade? Oh, yeah, half and half, you're right. You're not getting her large.

Unknown Speaker  19:11:55
I just got to the thing, whatever

Joseph Guzel  19:11:56
you want, save option. He

Unknown Speaker  19:12:03
fraudulently represented

Joseph Guzel  19:12:07
himself too. I allowed that, not as a prop, but what I did was just diminish myself.

Jason Tiger  19:12:15
Do you have any emails, letters, texts from when Eric texted you or emailed you before you brought it in and spun out?

Joseph Guzel  19:12:24
I have everything. Of course, it could be interesting. I don't need to prove my provenance, but yes, I Joe Guzel go to cross Joe Guzel has the most evidence in the world. So, so if you were to get crosslink, no, crosslink is an enemy. No, no, I know,

Unknown Speaker  19:12:40
but the enemy of your enemy is your

Unknown Speaker  19:12:42
friend. No, not enough. Okay,

Joseph Guzel  19:12:45
there. No, the crosslink, I'll never hurt them, and they're also not it doesn't. It's way easier than that. We over complicated him, but, but, but no, no, no, but, but you, you have to think like me, running my business, my limited partners, I kept them in. The Dark. What did he do? Went and ran to the limited partner, the one that he could develop a relationship with, and he had already Liam was neutral in his mind. He went and did that with Caprock, right? Richard didn't buy it. They don't buy it. Richard, no, nobody wants to hear this story, don't you get it? We're busy. I'm fucking busy. You're busy. We don't do this for a living. This is a waste of time. This is not work. Okay? So he's wasting everybody's time. It's not work. It's not like he's deciding to waste everybody's time. It's he is a waste of time. I let him in. I convinced I didn't realize that by selling myself, positioning him how I did, I didn't see this because I'd never been at this level in my life. I didn't grow up around it. This is the actual fucking problem of being a refugee. Hear me solving for his insecurity of being not important, but me liking him as a friend and liking and us. You know, I trusted him, but I didn't trust him. Trust him. I always kind of like, you know what I mean, where I am so dumb I like where I was like, Oh my God, if I market him like this, it's actually a bigger liability for my future than if I don't, because I'm not self aware as to what I am. Right?

Unknown Speaker  19:15:06
Does he pay alimony to his

Joseph Guzel  19:15:11
wife, Lucy and Larry paid it. That's why we didn't get more than 10 million in the fund. No, that's a big thing that helped me a lot. That's what Eric was trying to save me from. Crosslink is my ally. Don't you see? Interesting? Crosslink is my ally.

Unknown Speaker  19:15:35
He pays alimony.

Joseph Guzel  19:15:36
No, he doesn't Larry and Lucy pay alimony. If you have a trillion dollars that you pay making alimony payments every month. Are you crazy? He

Speaker 3  19:15:49
has no money. Really? Try again.

Jason Tiger  19:15:53
Motherfucker has no money, and they've always cleaned up his problems, and they've always didn't care about financial

Joseph Guzel  19:15:59
they just, they paid her $50 million or something, and it was and then she it's even worse, actually, now that I think about it, Jason, listen to me. God, now I'm seeing what's actually, what that was actually happening in

Joseph Guzel  19:16:21
that house, 2022 2021 fall, 2021 I'm still a full time employee at crosslink, but Haven's well on its way. That was when McLean hit McLean's divorce, by the way, you know when it started 2019 it ended three months before the story I'm about to tell you in 2021 right around the October of 21 so that's how long that went with Yasmeen, his wife. How long 2020? 1920, 2122 four years fuck, right? So pattern, that's what he's trying to do to you. Yeah, same thing. Remember, I remember I said it's like his ex wife,

Speaker 1  19:17:12
what was the solution? Payout by Larry and

Joseph Guzel  19:17:15
Lucy, right? But I'm not doing that, that I have. I have a career, but, but, but, dude, I do. I saw it. That's why I said that comment a lot. I said, this is what he did to his wife. I've said this many times, so he made her seem crazy, the gaslighting and blah, blah, but listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, we're talking about Larry and Lucy. Don't focus on Yasmeen and McLean's behavior. Don't don't know precedent proof. We have it. What do I need to like he's trying to not let that happen. That's where you're right. Stop. It's not me versus him. He doesn't have an argument. If he did, we'd be in court. The game ending is him losing. He will always be the thing it's it is like that. So do. I don't negotiate against yourself. That's not what I'm about to talk about. So we're talking about that. What we're talking about is Larry and Lucy right now, okay? And their relationship with their brother. Because I knew this instinctually, where it was like just but and it wasn't. It was the Gallagher's that helped me see it. Ben, especially not Liam. Liam is more like McLean. Ben was a professional hockey player. He's a real man. And Ben told me, remember last last summer when I was in the shit. He's like, hurry up. He's like, get he's like, Get your shit. He's like, I'm trying to, like, I'm trying to, like, do the secondary fun. Like, I'm trying to introduce you as, like, one of my things, I'm, like, an introducible guy, right? And he's like, I never understood that McLean, like, only the way that, like, you know, he's like, this guy is a fucking he's because he was, he was a pro aquarium with the Sentinels, right? And so Larry and Lucy paid something like 3040, 50 million to Yasmeen in the divorce, and what happened was, and so Christina's with him throughout this divorce, and they're fucking her over at the same time, gaslighting her online and like doing things like that. Now, I didn't know any of this about McLean until I was too far at some point, Joe Guzel just had the limited partner Advisory Committee of the first crossover fund in human history, one of the most storied financial institutions. I had an office this big with a secretary that would come in and bring me lunch all the time. That was my life here. This was my startup. That's what you're seeing. Shits changing. Okay? So I'm not, I'm not a I'm not. I don't do this. I don't toil, right? I did that as a refugee. I decided not to later. Now you guys mean, you uh, Eric was trying to always my my Managing Partner Eric, that she met at my wedding, the Chinese guy, right, whose son is in zbt, my chapter to Cal Poly, great guy. He while when I approached him for the spin out, it was just me, and I mentioned McLean, and so everything, the whole spin out, was just me. I was attaching McLean because I was, I guess, perceiving or manufacturing leverage that I didn't need. I was insecure about the market, imposter syndrome and but not, but not really. Actually, it was more insecurity about the market. I've been through a fundraise before with the founders of MySpace and stuff, but

Unknown Speaker  19:21:06
McLean didn't have the power to get money again.

Joseph Guzel  19:21:09
He could, if he was incentivized. He got it, didn't he? So, so don't focus on So, hey,

Jason Tiger  19:21:19
Lucy, but if I'm Lucy and I'm Larry, just give him something. Just give him something to just fucking leave us

Joseph Guzel  19:21:30
alone. Now I think it's like that. I think that's

Jason Tiger  19:21:32
what I'm saying. That's what I'm thinking. So I think it's the same thing. We got a plan to that's what they did with the wife. So listen,

Joseph Guzel  19:21:41
no, that was different. And now I think their life is different. I think they did move to Miami. They are not when you're that big. I've heard, I've heard them. I've heard them talking just I've had, I've had conversations with his CIO, who lives with him. Yeah, what do you think in your head when I say that? Like, what do you think that? Does your head go to a house and you see? What do you see? Just so I can paint it for you, I

Jason Tiger  19:22:14
imagine like a cul de sac, or like a street where they all just have fucking houses next to each other.

Joseph Guzel  19:22:18
Yes, you're the only one that's been like that.

Speaker 1  19:22:21
And then I imagine like there's security of a blocked Cartesian traffic, not

Joseph Guzel  19:22:25
a blocked car people, people acting like they are utilities, people for the government. I'm fixing the telephone pole. I'm doing that's, it's The Truman Show. It is The Truman Show. That's what I how I why I would always explain it like that.

Speaker 1  19:22:43
Well, it makes sense. That's why McLean has been so, so, so,

Joseph Guzel  19:22:48
the so, so, why would Larry opt into that? Opt into why would I if Larry's me and that's his wife and his in laws that he's living with physically on the same block? Do I want to go move to Diamond Bar? But if my wife really needed it, because her dad just died a year before, which their dad. Died, and then covid happened, and Larry was part of like all that. It's like something. She had leverage on Larry. No, she had leverage on Larry and Sergey and Eric. I know all these motherfuckers, sergey's wife and McLean's wife best friends. They bankrolled. They took that money and bankrolled RFK Jr's entire campaign. RFK Jr is RFK Jr now, which is against their that her whole wife's family is the Democratic Party. I told you I was in the belly of the beast. I didn't, I didn't sign up for that, right? And, God, put me there for a reason, straight up, because it was really quiet back then, and we were all, I was going there all the time. It was still covid, and I saw it. I was like, Oh my God, these people are, would you like a vaccine? People are getting vaccines all the time over there. He Do you know how many vaccines McLean's had? Probably 12 boosters. Susan Wojcik died from it, right? So, so they're on their block and all that shits happening. They're all implicated and but Lucy had leverage over Larry as a wife to get what she wanted, which was the kids were at a certain age. I want them to I want to make this so all that was always Lucy. Larry's not interested in any of that. He doesn't. He doesn't want to live in a fucking house like he doesn't give a shit. He's doing stuff. Yeah, and so fall, fall of 21 was when sergey's wife and him were starting to get divorced, and it was the billion dollar settlement yet they it wasn't a napkin thing like Spielberg, but it was, Sergey second marriage. He was married first to Susan wo Joseph, his daughter, who's the founder and CEO of 23andme Sergey is a fucking loser. He's a loser. You spend any time with him, loser. He's just like these losers. He's not smart, he's smart, but he's not smart, he's manipulative. Him and McLean get along really well. They love each other, they drink, they fuck all that stuff. Okay? Like Larry's like me or you or whatever. He's just like, literally, he gets used, I guess is the thing that's maybe why he was in the background. Why I say all this? Eric was always like, you have to not give him 50% it's five, six times at the village pub up top, he's like, fly up, fly up, fly up. I'll pay for it. He's trying to negotiate with me, and I was perceiving he was really trying to help me. And it's not leverage, it's just, it's just context, right where, where he was, like, you have to get more than 10 raising funds is hard. It's way harder than raising this. I don't have an LP that comes out of thin air. If I had an LP right now that had my problem and I was you, and it meant that I get contacts. If only I could be so lucky, it is way harder to raise a fund period than to raise for a company. Your company can never, ever, ever work. It's just you have to be cool and convince them, and they fucking invest if you do it right, if you're fucking believable. If it's believable, the effort is the game. They don't all work, and it's okay. Funds, fund ones are like raising a series B every time so, and I've done it three times, because restarting a fund a firm, when you restart crosslink capital, and it's not those guys that have been here for 30 years, it's new guys, and you invest for 30 years as Harvard endowment, what Do you got? Well, we have all this stuff here. Well, that was them next, they don't invest. Fund two is different. Fund three, I'm good so so Haven one is my future, because it's about Haven three. Haven one guarantees. Haven three, if I would give. It up like they were all desperately trying to get me to walk away. And they're like, you don't need it. Do a restart. Everybody knows I'm good, is what they would. They were telling me, Liam, all of them, and just give McLean the business, like, you don't need this bullshit. You're good because they're underwriting me from a basis of my decision to build a firm, and it's like we know that Joe will get there. This one was a mulligan I would have given him, and then in six years, I'm listening to him on a podcast, McLean. It would have been talking about all the things he did here. You see, Fuck no, you showed me that. You showed me that. So here was my settlement. I

Joseph Guzel  19:29:22
he's like, what brands like Yo, I got the kimonos out and everything.

Joseph Guzel  19:29:32
What's taking you so long? Okay, so I said

Joseph Guzel  19:29:52
settlement terms in in five bullets, exactly the broad strokes, hold on. Food gets here, then we Leave here. Go, Go. You You You

Unknown Speaker  19:31:20
Let me see Fuck you. Okay? Digest this. Somebody digest this

Joseph Guzel  19:32:16
here, let me. I'll give it to you on signal if you want. This is what I stayed up all night putting together. It's not perfect, but, but, but just know that. But just know that like it was where I went. I took that kernel that you gave me with because I know he's about validation and exposure, and I didn't, well, what I don't know are things like what you said, which is like, oh so lawsuit, personal equals one of the two things that he's about. McLean is only about two things. And my AI thinks like that too, because it's true. Validation and exposure are his things. He needs validation. It's it's very important that you know that it's only validation. It's not a different word that you put in there. Validation is the word. Word. It's not he needs to feel important or whatever. He needs to be validated. He is valid to be here because associate, his whole life is about Association, and it's not a choice that he made. It happened to him. He didn't choose for his sister, Mary Larry. Page, exactly. So he's

Speaker 1  19:33:33
he did choose to, to get them to, to use it.

Joseph Guzel  19:33:39
He, whatever his reality is, is what He it is like. What? What can we do about that? Who cares? He's surviving. I he's not a bad person. He's not actually, he's lost his mind. That's it. There's no person there anymore, because his whole his he didn't get to have, he didn't get to be an adult. His sister marries Larry, and that's the internet, and it's bigger than anything that you can ever imagine. You've met rich people your whole life. There's nothing like this. The power that's money, power that's your whole, your whole life, is dictated by your brother in law and all your friends and all their friends, and there's no you can't escape him. You go to his school, you go to Stanford, you go to you go to a job. You're in his shit. He's everywhere. It's a nightmare. It's a fucking nightmare here. Jason, boom, okay, check it. So what am I looking at here? So what you're looking at is my settlement terms that I started drafting, which they're only going to be three things now, right? But, but, okay, oh, what do you know? Four Troutman, pepper sands, okay, and it's reaching on Latham. Wait, this one's the wrong one. Hold

Joseph Guzel  19:35:13
on. I lay out the terms in three three and 10 bullets or less so.

Joseph Guzel  19:35:48
This is all i

Joseph Guzel  19:36:00
i think it's a lot. Well, I told it, yeah, it was a lot. That's why I didn't send it. Okay? That's why I'm having that's why I'm literally sitting here with you right now. Keep it more simple, no, no, no, no, I'm not trying to send this. Jace. I was building Hold on. I was so I just, you got to I after we had the conversation on the phone, you were trying to have dinner with your parents, that's when I did this, right? So, so they've been waiting for this for long. They've been trying to get it out of me, and then I didn't send anything. This is, this is all night. I was look at how long this is all the same because, no, it's in your right. Why didn't I send it? I'm like, iterating, iterate, and I'm just like, it's not gonna win. It's, it's, I'm laying out what I want, but I can't get what I what I'm because what I want is my I want him gone, and I want my life, and I want him gone, and I don't he has to go away, get out of my fucking life, right? And so I was, what I found myself doing with this was laying out everything, like, don't talk about deals I don't need to negotiate I? Why am I negotiating deals if I make 100% of investment decisions, exactly, no. Think about it, no. 100% 100% of investment decisions as it should be, as it should be. So why am I? Why are deals on the table?

Speaker 1  19:37:27
This is the only one you have to do. 5050, no. Don't ever accept it.

Speaker 3  19:37:31
I don't care. Okay, so let me come back. To Yeah, I know

Joseph Guzel  19:37:37
no why? What is there? What work is there for him to do on Haven one going forward, I have a lot of work to do, saying

Jason Tiger  19:37:45
nothing to do with work the fees that he won't accept. But it doesn't matter about the fees, because the fees are going to end anyways. Like you said,

Joseph Guzel  19:37:58
don't get locked out. Oh, come on, this fucker blocked my car. I.

Unknown Speaker  19:38:14
Thanks. Thank you. How the fuck did he block my car? This guy? Thank you.

Joseph Guzel  19:38:31
Let's get out of here. My car's blocked.

Joseph Guzel  19:38:43
Yeah, this isn't the final version, yeah, but this isn't the final version. It's I was iterating something closer. I'm not

Unknown Speaker  19:38:53
sending anything, yeah, I see this analysis.

Joseph Guzel  19:39:01
I need a really, yeah, and I want to run for each point.

Unknown Speaker  19:39:22
Let's run for tomorrow. I want to really think about overnight and come in.

Joseph Guzel  19:39:32
This is the one. So I was going to send this whole thing to them as a proposal. And then remember, that's not the game. He's not a lawyer. Rewrite this attachment as a one to one artifact, clean for

Joseph Guzel  19:39:59
artifact. Oh, yeah, no, what you what you would you, here's where this is everything that has to happen. So that's the way to read it. I realized I was writing it, and I'm like, I'm like, I'm out here because, because what I'm telling him is, you're done, I'm done. I can't do this anymore, and I don't have to. I have everything, yep. So what he has is zero, so he's not going to exist anymore, because I'm not going to allow him to exist anymore. I have all the assets. There's a bit of bit left I need him out of now. This is because this is the game I would very much. Remember I was ready to let tax go to zero. I was very sincere about that. I'm ready to go to my LPs, and that's why I'm excited about him. He's not a liar. I thought that he was trying to fuck me. And look how willing I was able to be about me being wrong about somebody. No. And look, I very quickly. I didn't dwell over it. I'm like, that's a venture lesson for you. You can't make money on your losers. You make money on winners, and I cannot fix a loser. If he if he was a bad person, then I'm always gonna lose money. If he's too dumb. If he's not, then it's just like whatever Hamza makes up for the rest of it. Exactly. So who cares? Nobody talks about the ones that lost. They talk about Hamza, and you only make fun. You only eat from Hamza, right? So, Tiger read, right? Tiger read, you can wake up tomorrow and not want to do Tiger read. Now you seem like you want to do Tiger read. What you want is an identity. What we both want is an identity. Now, now you get

Unknown Speaker  19:41:58
piece of puzzle. No, we both need we both need identities.

Joseph Guzel  19:42:04
We cannot do this. Okay, so. Peace of mind, peace of mind. Peace you get peace when you know who you are. And we don't know who we are, we're in limbo. We know what, but I know what we're supposed to be. Now to follow my lead so you see this, it's make

Unknown Speaker  19:42:23
you feel better, but the point, the points, you would agree with everyone, the points are

Joseph Guzel  19:42:29
literally everything that just came out of your mouth, and don't have

Joseph Guzel  19:42:41
a the points, Jason, points are everything that that you, that you literally just said, tell them, this, this, this is That 100% of everything, fuck you big it's not fucking it's just, it's what's right. Okay, so why are you excited with your lawyer letter? Thing is, is, is what? What is the this is what I'm trying to do. We didn't talk about this. What? What do I do? If I send them the lawyer, why you got mad about traveling there too? You're not mad convincing them. Why do I have to convince the lawyers to threaten him if I need, if I have to find ways to threaten him by using other people to threaten him, I can't do that right now. It's harder for me. You see what I mean? That's what Dave and everybody was trying to me do last March. They sent me only the most Bulldog of people. I'm like, who did these very scary words that Dave is sending me last March? Because he knew why I'm telling you to sign up for Troutman is because it saves us. If you sign up for Troutman, then it weaponizes Troutman against Oh, my God, that's it. Okay, you sign up for Troutman. Chris signs up for Troutman. CASS won't sign up for Troutman. Obviously, he's too big of an ask. He's got to be cleared by the board. And you heard me. The board doesn't trust you. I don't give a fuck. It's my legal, right? You heard me in there, yeah, okay, so I know I'm not out here, kind of like, Yo, you heard me. I turned right back on because it's the job. He's a founder. You're my friend. Zipper. So now then I'm never gonna let you not be okay, but we have to sound like you, and I Please don't let this take two weeks. I want them right now. I can get a million dollars or something, at least 500 707 50k 750, to 1 million. And I didn't do all the math yet, but I either have 5 million left or I have 6 million left. I really only need fees for another year and a half, but he needs fees forever. So yep. So what does that mean? I actually don't, I actually don't think he cares about the money as much as you think he's okay with less money he made. He only made, like 120 grand at Crossing. I mean, way, almost a million dollars. No, he doesn't have fixed costs.

Unknown Speaker  19:45:31
Mentally, go back. No, no, no, not him.

Joseph Guzel  19:45:36
He's got everything taken care of in his life. He doesn't want to work hard. He's not trying to save money. At the end of the day, his sister's never gonna let me homeless. He has a three, $15 million

Unknown Speaker  19:45:48
house mentality is still hard. No,

Unknown Speaker  19:45:50
get, earn something and we'll go back. It's hard,

Unknown Speaker  19:45:56
just something. Not to underestimate.

Unknown Speaker  19:45:59
His wife cares about

Speaker 2  19:46:02
it anyway. Fly economy. You apply first, you fly to Tokyo, a long trip.

Joseph Guzel  19:46:09
Hey, you got to race everything this whole time. No, he can go back. It's hard.

Unknown Speaker  19:46:14
Well, well, how am I? You can't

Joseph Guzel  19:46:18
it's hard. Well, he's the trade off is going to be on that, by the way. Dude, how much longer are the fees? He's gonna have to either pick one or the other time to figure it out. I baked the legal fees and all the fucking money that I lost into that equation. Jason, either it's a quid pro quo, either we say 5050 on fees and everything else the same, or and you pay the legal fees, or you don't pay the legal fees. And this is the split, and what I was adding on, and some of the iterations of that is, is to get us to work. I can't do all these ports. No, I can't do all these ports. So it's, he can. No, he can earn his way back.

Speaker 7  19:47:15
That's, that's kind of the opening to go back to having to deal with it again.

Joseph Guzel  19:47:20
Not really on my terms, 100% the only do I have? Do I have a comment? I have 100% investment? Why? Or anything I want? No, if it's just like a cross link, and I don't have to get fucking McClain sign off to do a deal, do I have a problem, or do I start a company with it? Is he so pleasant? Well, I did it. It was pretty pleasant.

Speaker 4  19:47:51
Just is using still your track. You're still using payments with impression of you, and you're going to still have to deal with it.

Joseph Guzel  19:48:02
Everyone's very hard, okay, and so we already know he's going to only say horrible things about it, but it does. Matter. It doesn't like. Why? What? Universe doesn't matter. I was just over with the crowns. I was with LT law last week. They all know he's a mistake. I mean, just mistake.

Speaker 2  19:48:33
Never have to deal with often, anything. That's the only position you should be in. Never have

Unknown Speaker  19:48:38
to deal with poison, anything.

Joseph Guzel  19:48:44
Well, that's Well, that's what that said. It's quite literally, if he doesn't have a job here, and I don't have to deal with him, I don't have to deal with him now, he didn't want to be dealt with. He didn't want to work, don't you remember as well? He still

Unknown Speaker  19:49:06
wants to No, no. He doesn't want anything. He just wants to be. He just wants to

Joseph Guzel  19:49:13
exist and feel like he has a purpose in life. It's sad. It's like so it's not, it's not what you think. This for the wife, uh,

Joseph Guzel  19:49:42
okay, he doesn't want anything. I But

Joseph Guzel  19:49:58
it's easy. Can I get through that?

Joseph Guzel  19:50:11
Can I get through it?

Joseph Guzel  19:50:24
Stand right there, fuck them. I don't know, grab him.

Joseph Guzel  19:50:55
Trying to get out. Yeah, my car's Come on.

Joseph Guzel  19:51:10
My car's right there. I'm blocked. Can you go get him? My car is my car is there. It's I'm here. Yo, I have an office here. I'm trying to get out. Can you move the car? Thanks. Yeah, this one. Otherwise I slash it. Hurry up.

Joseph Guzel  19:51:46
I'll slash these tires in two seconds. If this beaner is not fucking back, you see, I talked to him. I'm fucking I'm on fire right now. Yeah, thank you, Jason. It is a lot of stress, but I think you got it, yeah. Thank you. Sniper drill, getting Yes. Thank you. Yes. Now you know,

Unknown Speaker  19:52:20
gotta snipe it through shotgun

Joseph Guzel  19:52:25
or the order, the order of stuff. Like, if you okay, it's like sending the say, tactical, like, Okay, we send a letter the letters exposure, thank you. Letters. Exposure, takes me in the morning. Yeah, okay. Where you going? Okay, do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai