Joseph Guzel  16:56:42
But I'm trying to unfuck that kind of like you are with yours, like little by little.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  16:56:48
But it takes, man, it's the job, just unfucking stuff. Unfortunately, let's just have a Guzel just doing anything in this world is a process of unfucking various things. It's nice when you don't have things that are fucked, that don't need to be fucked. Yeah, that makes it easier to unfuck things that are important, that have been fucked, because that's my whole job. Is just solving the problems.

Joseph Guzel  16:57:10
We definitely try not to fuck things through the normal course of life, you and I, but it's that's this isn't something that you and I planned. So, no,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  16:57:23
certainly, certainly, certainly, not. It's all right. Where do you want to start?

Joseph Guzel  16:57:33
What's so want to start with? Thank you for last week, because if I hadn't talked to you and you and he hadn't laid it out like that, man, it's, yeah, that was like a gift from God, just because, like, it made everything real, right, that I'm dealing with. So it's evil, and it's very hard to it's very it's very it's very hard to win. It's very hard to, like, figure it out and how to navigate it, because it's designed to fuck you. Yeah, right, that's a trap. It's such a trap. And when it's when it's all somebody else is doing is just to trap you, which, like, of course, somebody that does that, that is all they would be doing, right? By the very nature existing as a thing, like there isn't, like somebody just doing that a little bit every once

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  16:58:28
in a while. No, it's a lifestyle.

Joseph Guzel  16:58:31
It's a lifestyle. And I haven't really, until last week, I haven't really had that, because everything that happened with you so independent and isolated, right? It, what it, it I was still dealing from a basis of like, an accumulation of of evidence of things that have happened to me over the last year, that's like to prove that XYZ is going to happen again, and why versus like, then seeing what happened to you from November, what happened to us, really, and the behavior, and everything he said, and everything that he then did, that I experienced was it made it brought it full circle. So thank you. It's at least giving me some kind of like basis to stand on, to like, start to figure out what I can do here to get my life back.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  16:59:30
Listen, I'm, you know, I'm an open book. I'm in the business of sharing what I know, and I think what's happened here is really shitty, and that's why I wanted to share that, you know, because I think it's fair that you understand the cards that are at play and what I've experienced, because at the end of the day, like, the what, again, I don't know the details, right? Like, all I get is what I've heard from him and what I've heard from you, and I don't care, you know, I just You got to move the business forward. So it is in my interest right to also just be forthright with you as I can. Again, I was in protection mode, as I made clear for a long time. I don't know what mood I right now in a motive, I've got 30 people that I got to be responsible for, plus another dozen investors, right? So that's what I want to protect. But of course, man, I mean, like, listen, as you know, it goes without saying, but it should go with saying. And I said it on Friday, but I said again, I'll forever be grateful for the bet that you made on this company, and recognize that right, and in super grateful for your contribution to shaping strategy. You know that is super meaningful, and you know that you do that well as an investor. And so at the very least, you know, I'm happy to share what I experienced, right? And again, all through the lens of, like, you know, I know you are Haven, and Haven is you, and it's this complex thing, but the end of the day, right? Like, I'm business guy, so I think, like, you're a company providing a service to another company, right? This is NPS zero, right now, business, you know, this is a zero NPS situation, right? So you should be alerted, because you are the you are the guy, right? Like you're the guy I got to know a cast if somebody has a zero NPS experience, and the reason why behind it, you know? And again, like, I believe me as a person, I completely empathize and feel awful for what to me sounds like a pattern of really manipulative, unfair treatment of somebody that really was doing all the work to build Haven into something real, you know, so, like, that's a shitty thing, man. Like, I don't, I don't undressed. A psychological impact to that.

Joseph Guzel  17:01:44
It's awful. Thank you for that. That stuff I'm like way past Matt, where,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:01:52
for long enough that it becomes, when it becomes routine, it's an issue.

Joseph Guzel  17:01:57
This is all I've been dealing with for now over one year. Like it when it comes to Yeah, yeah, it's like, in like one week, it will be one year since he terminated rhythmic as a hire, which is like a junior higher that we needed to make, right? It's like then, and it hasn't stopped since. There's been no breaks either. So crazy, just awful, yeah. And I think, I think the reason why, yeah, why this has been so illuminating, also, brother, is because you're the only other one in the portfolio, where you're the only one that portfolios that's like, in this position where, like, you're such a core position, we're very invested. We want to invest more. And I keep saying, We, I'm gonna stop doing that. I and my LPs, but, and, and it's not, wasn't like a Hamza or anything, that also faced with this kind of shit, like every single portfolio company went through what you're going through, why yours is situation was unique. And you came to me the way that you did was because you weren't in a position where, where, simply, like, doing the reversing, you know, victim into offender kind of thing that happens where, then, like, suddenly I become a blocker that I'm not and never was. Can work the same way. But like, part of that is, like, the timing, you know, and other things being off the table, right? Like, so like, like, the portfolios all matriculated at this point. There's really nothing to do here, aside from, get you financed. Get Jason financed from Tiger E and get Chris finance from Super connector, nothing else to do, oh, and to cut a check for to protect my preference stack on brick dynamics, literally all those, all these things were the same time that, that we chatted, like around when I was in New Hampshire, like the weeks following those, these things were already figured out by me. Then, right, yeah. And so, like, this is all the you, you you have a unique situation with the debt and with everything, the cast of characters, the capital structure, yada yada. We're, like, it had to go full circle. I'm realizing, back to the two of us, you know, like, like, like, we've always been like, on zooms being like, did this just, did we just, like, what the fuck is this? And versus, versus, like, you weren't in a position to get incentivized try to brute force something through. That's why he didn't do that with you.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:04:40
Yeah? And it's like, it's too Yeah. I mean, God, I don't even know all the layers to what the what the goals are and what the paths are, right, like, it's very confusing in terms of why I think we got so railroaded here, you know, but it was like the opportunities there's in the middle of leading a priced financing that this happened, right? That was communicated to many other people. And I think that that is unique, right? To your point, like, we're, we're a core position, there was an act of financing, right? And so it just was really bad, honestly, what he did, you know, like it. And listen, I do think the financing should have been done way

Joseph Guzel  17:05:26
sooner, way sooner. It should

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:05:29
have been done before that phone call for sure, right up into the problem was it took something that, like, honestly, you and I could have played jazz through and gotten to the this is what I said on Friday, right? Like I understand the way that you work spiky. I also now understand all the other things that were happening in your life outside of your kind of core fund, one objectives, but I

Joseph Guzel  17:05:52
definitely don't work spiky. Just for the record, that's been eating at me with you saying that it dude, it's a reality of my situation. Here is why it's been spiky. I listen when a deal gets signed. My prerogative, if you're any good at this right, is time kills deals, get it done as quickly as humanly possible. Time from signing too close should be as minimal as possible. Once you negotiate a deal, all effort should be focused on closing said deal. No spiky. I fucking hate spiky. I don't have any leverage. And if you're it so if I have no employees, no leverage, no support, operationally, and part of the manipulation and the tactic and the coercion is to keep me drowning. Yeah, yeah.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:06:39
That's like, I get it. Like. I'm just saying that nobody cares if your DevOps sucks your products up or it's down right. The product was down right. We had communicated to many parties, gotten other investors lined up, and it went dark, right? So I agree that that might not be the way you operate. The impact of the disruption that has been delivered to the firm has caused that action, right? And that's really the only action that's the impact that really hurts. What comes

Joseph Guzel  17:07:08
we change the tactics this time, and you weren't the only one. Again, it was every single portfolio transaction that I was trying to consummate because, because we talked last week about how every he's this is now number three. This is now hostile takeover number three, in a year, I don't have access to my systems, first and foremost, right? When we started doing this shit, I had just gotten my systems access back from that I didn't have from May 5 until July, like, first or fifth or something, and so all that didn't, like, go away just like, Okay, it's back now, Joe, pick up all the pieces of this shit that McLean destroyed. It's not like he was running business and like shit was happening while, of course not, because that's not what he does. He doesn't do anything. So like, all my work got incapacitated, including, like, any LP, comms, yeah.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:08:02
I mean all your shit, man. Everything runs out of there. I get it. You can't do anything stops,

Joseph Guzel  17:08:07
which is why you're in this position. Because, yeah, I get it. Nothing happens other than Haven stops completely for everybody. And so then what happened? What like, what changed this time was the nature of which, like, he was teeing up the companies to get, like, weaponized against me in succession, right? And to derail all of that, and to basically, like, destroy our value, really, really destroy the fund you were insulated from it up until the Fenwick thing. Fenwick's involvement, we never talked about that yesterday, but just so that it's clear, the reason that the Fenwick shit was not good was because McLean sold sock without my approval to volta

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:09:02
sold sold the company stock, the your portfolio company, to another, portco,

Joseph Guzel  17:09:08
without my approval. Yeah.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:09:11
How does he do that? He did it. Why did he do that? I don't was that like, was that part of the what did the founders think? I mean, well,

Joseph Guzel  17:09:23
Brian and them wanted to get, well, Brian and them like the company was already running out of money. We had right to their assets and stuff that I had negotiated in about, like a year and a half prior, when we invest another 500k and it was, it's my only consumer business, and it fits within the same thesis as cast. It's all the same thesis where it's just like SOC is, you know, SOC was my only consumer investment this time. I'll do a bunch of socks next time, because it's application layer time. And it was like the beginning of the reset those assets. I wanted to leverage them. And we had plans leverage them across the Ford flow, diaspora, of like business models that were around here, so like Tiger, re Pico and stuff, and humza. And I think maybe McLean perceived that to be like either one of two things. One is kill socks, so that Joe looks like a big check died and that, and then he looks bad, and it gets the numbers down. He was trying to get the numbers down. Numbers down to depress them for fundraising, so that I couldn't market good numbers for fundraising, literally, even though they're his numbers too. And and volta would own those assets where he sits on the board, and now volta is running out of money, and so nobody got the assets. I didn't approve the transaction, which is illegal, right? And a breach of the binding operating protocol, which is our binding, long form operating agreement that we literally fucking signed in July. That's not supposed to let shit like this happen. And, yeah, and so that that was Fenwick, was involved with that sale. They were lied to that it was compliant. They're just lawyers doing their job, right?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:11:09
They need input from clients. So

Joseph Guzel  17:11:13
McLean knew that he fucked up because he got caught doing it literally, a Duro and everybody were on the call, and it's like, you cannot. How can you imagine selling cast without my knowledge, right crazy, especially when we have a right to it. And we were, we were working towards absorbing the assets and winding down stock and yada yada. And then he so, so he was, he was racking up Fenwick bills. Um, of which, like a big chunk, was from the Hamza Series B sanity check of the docs. And then he was trying to put sock M and A transaction expenses as part of that bill and push it through the approval so that haven is perceived to have approved the transaction at a corporate level from approving the legal bill, and they're gating the illegal breach that he did, like the thing that he did in breach. Yeah, that's so that's what I was dealing with, Matt, when, when, when we're dealing with this Fenwick shit where, you know, they don't really know what's going on, and they don't want anything to do with that. They're trying to get their bills paid. They're not getting paid, because if I pay them, then I then validate the illegal thing from a corporate level that McLean did in breach, blatantly. So he's trying to reverse out shit, and that's what derailed the timing of your transaction. So literally, that's it. So now, so I

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:12:46
mean, that sucks. It just shit, shit that, like, I don't give a fuck about soccer. Good context, good to know. And there's, I think again, fair to say that this really, again, another example of below the line behavior from the plane that is manipulative and odd, right? Like, I definitely, I just, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  17:13:09
what the cleanup is, it's like, okay, dude, I obviously don't want to, like, be in a legal battle with you and stuff. I just want to get the fuck away from you. Like, but I cannot. I can't do things uncompliantly here. I'm a regulated, yeah, no.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:13:22
And the hard part is, like, when it's the consequence game, is that I think, I think that's actually the most sinister part of it all, is that, you know, guys like you and me do need to do things by the book, right? Like we don't railroad rights, we don't break protocol. And part of the reason why is it? It's, it's important for survival, right? Like it, you know, these things are long, right? If we do our jobs, we do this for another 40 years, and you got to do it, right? And that's especially true when you view, and I view, this is how I'll earn the freedom for my family. And the things that will that I want to accomplish as a person are dependent upon me doing things well. When McLean doesn't have that same consequence, I do think sometimes that's what can create so much of this sinister behavior. Yeah, is it the the consequence is very different, right? Like, he ends up kind of in the same spot regardless of what happens, right? Like, I don't think it's gonna change his life, you know. But for me, cast is my opportunity. For me, my family and Haven is your opportunity, for you and your unborn child, right? That's coming in for four months. So my Armenian wife, yeah, exactly like that's part of it, you know, and your people, all your whole crew, right? Like everyone you know, you got, you got everyone.

Joseph Guzel  17:14:42
Only friends, the only friends I have are my portfolio founders, and they only then. That's what half my friend group always ends up being. My Portfolio founders. I'm realizing, because of the nature of how I invest, like it's I end up stuck with you for another 10 years.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:14:54
Yeah, you're super entrepreneurial. You're there at inception. It's the highest by its nature of what you do. You are, you know, the most important capital, confidant and partner for an entrepreneur at the earliest stage, which is incredibly fragile and important. You know, primordial soup, where something eventually, hopefully, an end of one ends up emerging. And that's hard to do. You know that's really, really rare. Getting my

Joseph Guzel  17:15:27
I got, I got a notification today from crosslink. I had to call the CFO there. I was like, Is this fucking spam? Like, don't fuck with me now. And and she's like, I thought you were gonna think it was spam. It's not spam, is it? You're getting something. I'll know in a couple of weeks. I was like, Oh my God. Like, how many years? It's 2026 March 2026 I got into the business. December, 2014 yeah, there it is.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:15:54
Takes about 10 years for liquidity. It's crazy. It's a torturous journey.

Joseph Guzel  17:15:59
So, yeah, so it's, it's but 10 years from when you start in the businesses. That's why it's, like, the always investing, yeah, like, like, it's the three to five years for you. You're on a three year kick. You're on year three here. This is the year for cast to flip which, which, which will flip to that. I just want to like, I love you and I and I thank you, and don't worry about anything, like, like, bored and any of the superfluous bullshit i Let's just not give a fuck about that right now. It just really doesn't matter, obviously, like, let's just focus on like, financing and getting like there and just being you, being just in lockstep on like, getting this fucking through. And you understanding the other things that I'm getting through, and let's just, like everybody play their role and just be done with their shit. Because that's, yeah, that's what it's, it's last week, is it I'm playing I'm on offense.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:16:55
Yeah, it's, it's right now, I think it's all about velocity, like we got to move quickly, like I'm feeling extraordinarily optimistic about the opportunity in front of us. And I think this agentic GL thing, I think timing to our conversation on Friday is right, and I think this is year that we have to actually, like go out and build a narrative to the market. And that requires that we execute an extraordinarily high level and to me, that's always dependent on clarity, on resources and opportunity.

Joseph Guzel  17:17:27
Which dude you ended, sorry to interrupt, but like, what is really awesome right now, in a sea of shit from the last six months, really the last year for you and you and I, because this shit was so hard, right? Yeah, it was, really

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:17:43
was February last year. I think it's been an absolute shit hurricane, right? So many great things, right? So many great things. But what we're doing is hard, right? Like, it's very hard, and we chose something complex, right? And now we're now, I think we are emerging year later, going, Hey, here's the end of one opportunity we're gonna go chase. And we feel really good about it. Getting through that muck is hard, man, and you were going through it's much more than I ever would have guessed. Behind the scenes as well,

Joseph Guzel  17:18:11
together for everybody, like, if you're not successful, or if, like, you would have fallen apart right out the gate, or something like that last year. Then, in spite of him doing what he was going to do anyways, right? Because he's just on repeat. Then it i at the end of the day, I don't win. It doesn't matter if, like, if Haven one's good, which it's good, then, like, at the end of the day, that's what I have to stand on. And now, you know, there's a scoreboard, so, like, one comment and then one question, and then we'll move on. Which is the like, the really good thing that came out of this, just, I guess, since, like November to now, unless I was hallucinating last week, is you through sheer ingenuity and finally getting the mental like, one feeling like you were so desperate that you had to figure it out somehow. And two, maybe just like getting the operational capacity after absorbing an acquisition, which is a unique thing to do out the gate, incredibly unique. In fact, you figured out how to solve that 600k hole with so that you could any other dollar that comes in right now could have is equity capital versus if we would have closed last August, September, October, it's burned because that would have just been Yeah, correct, right back here again, that's fucking

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:19:38
Yes, yeah. Like, in some ways, all of this has ended up having a very positive capital impact to the company.

Joseph Guzel  17:19:46
Dude, you haven't had any equity capital the whole time, right?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:19:48
Because we had, now, listen, that was not a fun conversation with Alan and Joseph be right like it was very hard to do. I'd prefer to have not done it, but that's my job. We'll figure it out with whatever we need to do. We now have more time, and that's an advantage, and so now we need to figure out what we're really going to prove with that time, and when we're ready to raise and how much capital. And I kind of know the answer, because it's the rest of the round, right? But, but, yes, I do think that's a very important silver lining, huge. You haven't,

Joseph Guzel  17:20:23
you haven't had, like you, it's, it's this business has, like, not had operating capital that it needed to go because our time, our plan was way off that we said, right in terms of, well, it's, you can blame a bunch of random things, but at the end of the day, like we should have budgeted for, we just, we just, we're trying to go budget. We're trying to go Volvo on a Mercedes budget kind of thing. And, of course, like, the shit happened. Like, you know, yeah, servicing. That was the only thing we were right about your math on that.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:21:01
Yeah, yeah. I mean, like, I think you learn a lot, right? Like, you stick the fork into the outlet, right? Like, how we have to do things, I think, yeah, definitely the biggest thing is that, that We under that we got wrong. Well, there's a bunch right, and I could show you the summary of, I think, what we got right and what we got wrong, right? I've got that in that memo, which I'll shoot over to you, by the way, I forgot to. But you know, the culture of these teams extraordinarily hard to change, and I don't think we appreciated that. We did not budget enough to build around. Well, we didn't know how fucked QBO was, but that's a whole different thing. But the the we, to your point, were extraordinarily squeezed, and. We didn't have enough buffer in order to actually lean into some of the product opportunities that we should have. Here's the other silver lining, though, I think if we started to your point, calling the application layer at the right time, actually the constraint on R D is proven to be the most valuable thing that we've done, because though we've only, we're only spending right like we're tech company, we're spending million dollars a year on technology and millions elsewhere, right? So, like, we're very under invested, but now is the time, right? Because now what we have is we have the domain expertise, and we understand the edge cases, and we know where the bodies are buried, and that's a critical thing. And the other thing, of course, timing wise, the AI takeoff, combined with that, learning presents the right fertile ground for us. So I'm actually pumped about it, but that was a lesson, I think, going in, I don't think I appreciate it or understood that kind of post acquisition, what the what tech would really look like, and also just the I'm like, this is all going to transform, right? It's not, it's not incremental. Like we've shown incremental, right? I could show you the results, right? We've seen the gross margin go up. We know what incremental looks like. This is transformative.

Joseph Guzel  17:22:53
We didn't get a lot of like because of the nature of my operating situation. I didn't spend, I didn't get to spend the amount of like, focused on adulterated time, where it's like it was supposed to be cast, is pretty much all I'm doing for six months was my mental model in 2025 because it like, it's like a studio model for me from, from first principles, right? Like, like we spent almost we spent six months, you and I just ideating, like, in 2024, like, all that shit, and then knowing that, like, this was not something I'd never seen before, buying, buying a firm, it's going to take six months by the firm, they're going to be under capitalized. We're going to have a and then, and then he's going to, you know, we have to, we're going to have to figure out a narrative for raising. We're going to be targeting the fall for a raise. You anyways, like we had no plan, and that was just give yourself that credit, where it was like we didn't go into the acquisition with a plan, and I let that happen knowing that it was going to be okay. Because now, now looking back on it, we have a choice that we can now make. Where it's is, is the acquisition of 10th us even part of the narrative of who we are and what we're doing and how we're presenting to the market for equity capital? You understand where it's like, it's because we're not in the business of acquiring a whole bunch more firms anymore. We're deciding it sounds like,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:24:27
right, right, yeah, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  17:24:30
Software shine a light on really. It's like, not that important. Like it, or is it buying No, I think it's critical.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:24:37
It's because I think, Well, I think the narratives like, Listen, what we do is we turn the firm into software. Yeah, right. Like, how do we know what the firm is? And the reason we know is we're operating $4 million firm.

Joseph Guzel  17:24:50
Well, why did you buy a firm? Would be like, Why did you buy a firm? I'm an equity investor, right? It? Well, we like or, How did you get to this as the, as the path for for the market, and how you want to finance it? Well, we got there by the only way to get there was by buying a firm. And so we bought a firm 2% and that's what we did, and what, and what's represented corpus of capital is about a seed round. Yeah, yeah. And when

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:25:19
you think about it, makes perfect sense, because the hard part, the hard part is in building an accounting system. I built one in three weeks. I coded it right like the hard part is, what are all the corner cases in accounting where all the time is actually spent? And so the value of sitting around with just an R and D budget whiteboard will turn into millions of dollars of incorrect assumptions. Now what we have is golden data, sense of trade and rate of accountant approved Small Business Finance and Accounting workflows for 150 clients across industries. And that is, I think, extraordinarily powerful. I also think the other thing that's interesting, and you know that I'm not necessarily suggesting any of this is like the quote narrative. I'm just thinking, right? Is, is, is, like, I'm like, listen, we we intended to buy these things are too fucking expensive. Number two, we have a front row seat. It's all gonna change. Like it is not. It's a bad use of funds to go buy a bunch of now, buy one or two more add ons, I think is actually super interesting from a capabilities perspective. But I can, I can explain more about my thinking there, but M and A like a roll up here, bad idea, a lot of dead bodies coming. And the reason why is we know, like we've seen how these accountants work, we've seen their habits, and what we've also seen is the power of what we can do this technology now. Yeah, and it's gonna, it's gonna go to a completely different service model to capture

Joseph Guzel  17:26:46
that revenue. There was no when we bought

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:26:48
this, exactly, dude, that's 100 just, so

Joseph Guzel  17:26:53
just, Matt, remember, like, like, what with the narrative? The narrative is, is just like, this fucking gaslight narrative that we have got to fucking deal with. It's just, just, like, just the truth, brother, like, like, exactly like that and shit, because they have short memories like shit. So it's just, it's, it's just, here's the fucking truth. The truth is, like, the world is changing. So we, you know, we didn't know whether we were going to buy more companies, buy more firms, whether the plan was to go vertical and build it like a roll up like that, or whether it was to go horizontal and do more of a distributed account enablement thing, which, and even put even point to, like, you know, my lead VC came from Intuit and like, he thought the world was going to would be like this because the distribution of accountants, I was seeing it from the mid market perspective, and centralization on finance infrastructure, where it was like this, and, you know, and where we landed was something else, clearly,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:27:48
yeah, right, something else, something that's a combination of all those, right? Or the best, I think, themes across what we're seeing. And that is the key is like, I look at all these, right? I'm like, buying EBITDA here. I just, well, whatever. I don't want to rabbit hole why I think this is a bad idea. Think this is a bad idea.

Joseph Guzel  17:28:09
I want to hear what like I am. So what

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:28:12
I think we need to do is actually completely counter positioning its roll ups, both in our capital narrative and in our market narrative. And I think that like, there's a little bit of like, those guys buy EBITDA, we fucking generate Right? Like we do. View it as the to stamp out this new service delivery model of the future. It is going to be so much faster and more capital efficient and more profitable to just do it from zero, because the demand is fucking there. That's not the problem. Like, what are you really buying? When you're buying accounting firm, you're actually not, you're kind of buying the book. But a lot of what you're buying is actually just a service providers, because you can keep adding to the book, right? Like, these books come and go, right? Like, that's the nature of the business. This isn't, you're not buying an ERP software where you're like, the lifetime value is in 15 fucking years, they never leave. Is accounting services, right? They come and go. And even firms like us that are like, top tier in terms of retention for an accounting firm, we're like, 100% net, right? 102% net. Like that is so okay, there's some value in the book, for sure. But mostly like, when you're going out buying these firms, what you're doing talent aggregation, right? And I'm like, the talent looks different, right? Like it's all fucking moving because it's not going to be that same service delivery model. And I think that that is fundamentally true, and I feel more strongly about that than ever. I think the second thing that's going to happen, and I got this from Best cousin, who's a Partner in accounting firm just bought by PE last year. He's 59 and a half, because he's like, two years away from retirement. These accounts are so precise and and I was like, Okay, how was the deal? And he's like, great. He's like, with the firm that the P the bottom is actually based in Denver, so I know a couple of the team members there. It's called Rally Day. I know I met two of them, but he's like, it's good. And he's like, but here's, he's like, the deal for the partners that are, like, my age and up, really good, really good. Make a bunch of money. We're gonna make a bunch of money on the second bite of the apple. He's like, the partners between 35 and 45 they're getting fucked like, short end of the stick. And I'm like, guess what? Those are cast nodes of distribution, because we put them in business. They come and work for cast, and they build a book on the cast platform from zero to 2 million bucks in fucking 24 months. You know why? Because there's fucking demand everywhere, and I can build a demand engine. And guess what? In cero partners in Rochester, they're not building a fucking demand engine, no fucking way, right? So I'm, like, those guys that all of that, my point is that whole narrative requires a counter position against roll ups where it's like, Yeah, fuck those guys. We're doing it our way, right? Like we're the Purple Cow here. We're the platform of the future. And I think we can, I think, from like, a talent perspective that ICP, that we can find for that seated PA, where we say, and we're going to pay a fucking w2 by the way, like I don't want franchise agreements, I'm happy to fill your 200k salary. And the reason why is I can build your book so fucking fast, and I want all of the value to accrue to the platform. And you're going to get a lot of salary, right? I'm going to make it a cash business for you, so it feels like you get a killer margin out of it, and maybe you get a little bit of stock. And that's also critical, because keep in mind these, if you think about how these knowledge platforms are going to be built, it's going to be Merck or except done vertically. So it's, what are the corner cases? What are the hard things to solve? X.

Joseph Guzel  17:31:42
Words, what's up, what's merco why don't I know?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:31:45
So they're like aI training data, and what they do is they pay it's like a marketplace. So they'll get a radiologist, and it'll go through and do 50 scans, right? And narrate with their training set what he's analyzing, what he's looking for, what he's finding, and the result. And then what is basically doing is they're going, Hey, we're the last 10 feet of what I call a workflow. So we have a workflow. So we have a marketplace to let you go and source that data. And there's a couple of them, I think mercos Like the preeminent one right now, mercore.com, and so they basically think of as a training mark. This is what we did, ghostpotcheck, right? We had people tag images of coke cans on shelves, right? So we had to build a whole training system, and you just drop people in the training system. And in our case, they didn't need any training, because it's like, literally, is this Coke or Pepsi? So you could take like, we'd pay like Sam's little brother's friends who were 19 looking for beer money, like, 12 bucks an hour. They're coming to tag images before. You know, we have 400 people in Nepal doing this. But these training systems is really important for that last 10 feet, right? Because feet, right? Because you can get the model good, but it's all the weird shit, right? It's, it's the credit union that drops a PDF every other Monday of your bank statement and or it's the discretion around, like, how do we think about this depreciation? Right? It could be anything like that. So my point is that, like, where we will accrue value is by pulling in these experts and then training our knowledge agent to GL all of these corner cases. What I want to tell them is, hey, you go work for someone else. All that knowledge. You're not getting any value from it. It cast you accruing equity value in the knowledge from the building by working for us. So, yeah, you're gonna make the same amount. You make it fucking in serial partners. Hopefully a bigger bonus, because we're higher margin, right? And we have a better model that's delivered by software, and not by a bunch of fucking $50,000 a year preparers, but also your knowledge compound into value that you get to participate in. So I think there's this whole kind of counter positioning that the industry, especially like the talent, which should be really important for us to win, is really wanting and hungry to hear. And I think the smart ones are looking they're using Claude cowork, and they're using Claude code, and they're going fuck me in the ass, dude, this is going to change everything, right? But they don't know what to do, because they're whether or not, certainly, like regional firms aren't going to get there, right, whether or not, like a cruel, like GCS thing or other ones get there, who knows. But I think we have a really wonderful shot to take that positioning now and win it for this SMB mid market segment, which is also, honestly, where a lot of I'd mentioned those 35 to 45 year old partners. It's the same thing as Helen. They all want to get out of doing some step in in a eight month long audit project for a fortune 500 they want to go help small businesses that are doing cool shit, right? And they want variety. If they got a book 150 of them, 50 of them, whatever the number is, it's a lot more interesting than than that. So I think it's a huge asset that we can lean into, and we should be creative on that incentive.

Joseph Guzel  17:34:49
So is it, is it safe to say, like, well, I'm trying to reconcile, like, how far off were, were we on the the kind of likely motion of the product, service, whatever, relative to distribution, where it's like, so in my head, in 2024, when we when we met, it was like, I was like, Okay, you got to find a way to, like, create new accountants, more accountants. There's a glut, there's a shortage of accountants, not accounting firms, and then those accounts will then be distribution. Then I was literally like, oh, we not doing it like an atrium with legal but more like I saw, like the josephp and what's what's her name? Fuck. What's wrong? Ellen, what is it? Helen, Helen and then Joseph es as, like, Wolf of Wall Street Sell me this pen, you know, like, make me. And then make and mint net new accountants from there, right? And then we looked at it kind of like a franchise model like that. And it was really similar to what brick was doing in the early days. Brick dynamics, which is that business is ripping and what I'm hearing is a lot of similarities that you're, you're, you're going to be happy here because they're further ahead on the same kind of model that you just outlined to a T for The blue collar, kind of logistics service provider, business owner, not owning that business, but enabling the lead gen, enabling the being that platform for them to expand their franchise and turn it into a franchise, without and not and they're not out here buying businesses and. Stuff they thought that that's that they were going to do it more like a franchise, like, that's how we were both envisioning and where, and so is tell me true or false. Like is what we learned, that the winning move is to enable distribution and servicing for accounting firms, period and make it coke by getting them net new customers. Or is it to them to solve their business they're like operational problems so that they can go get more customers.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:37:32
Well, the model that we drew up right was like, we buy accounting firms, they run at 40% margin. We implement a bunch of technology that helps reduce the human effort and increases the automation, and we get them to a 60 margin. And when we do that at scale, right, we can compound value, because we'll have really good underwriting models. We can afford to pay a little bit more. But a PE is not going to take it from 40 to 60 margins. They're going to take 40 to 43 and they're going to outsource and do all the typical things. Our weapon is going to be technology. We will build a bunch of workflows that take the existing firms and make them much more profitable by automating a lot of the drudgery, right? But we own the firm outright, right? We purchase it up front, use debt to do it, pay down that debt, and we accrue all that equity value that we create through our tech and operations enhancement. And all of that was kind of built through this lens of, hey, they're gonna, we're not gonna, like, come in and replace the core accounting system. We're just gonna build around it, right? So we'll just look for things like, surely, there's all these, like, places where time is wasted. And if we do that enough, we can still get a really good margin. And then we don't have to, like, sweat the GL, so a bunch of things we've learned from that, like, Right? Which is, like, first, it is true that, I mean, you just, you know, you kind of look at this, right? And you go, it is true that you can just improve these things with some good business practice, right? If you're going to buy that. And it right, when we bought it was a 41% margin last quarter. It was 49% margin, right? Yeah, so we know we can improve it. And this, by the way, you can ignore this one, because this includes that $200,000 bonus I had to pay out to Helen and Joseph P I would love

Joseph Guzel  17:39:14
to work you paid really well.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:39:18
Well, I owed him. I owed $1.2 million so I had to make a trade. And and, so this is really the adjusted performance right only. So we went from 41% with a 26% loss to 49% gross margin with a 9% loss. And that was by reworking the team, making some better hires, leveling up a little bit, and adding a handful of automations in the background. We created rules automation, we created file quality reviews. We did file quality reviews, rules automation, and then vendor assignments. So we, which was a nightmare of a project we spent three months doing because qepxfeed is inaccessible, so we had to do other crazy shit around it. So we, but we made some impact, right? So I'm looking at this business, right? And I'm like, fuck. You know these things, they're fucking 45,000 accounting firms that are similar to temp, though, with 5 million or less in revenue, you can pop one up tomorrow. It's so easy to start these fucking things because, like, if you can speak well to our point earlier, like it's just Why are a bunch of Mormons, if you can just sell, you can go start one of these cast businesses. Because you don't need accreditation. You don't need to be a CPA. You're just helping people with their fucking accounting, ar, AP and financial reporting, right? Like, end in tax maybe, right? You can get an EA, whatever. Okay, you can set those things up quick. They're super capital. Like, what do you need? An internet connection. Okay, great. Are any customers interested in this? Yeah, just like hundreds of 1000s of potential customers within our revenue segment, right? The we care about, there's so many fucking customers out there, and I've seen Helen barely put any effort into sales and grow the thing at 50% year over year, right? I'm like, there's plenty of demand. Okay? Thing too. These firms are culturally not good. They're pyramid models with a bunch of fucking low paid people at the bottom, complete chaos in terms of how the work actually flows. And this is from 10th though, which is honestly like one of the better firms. The people are stuck in their ways. They're very, very particular because they're accountants. Half of them are what I call tool users, not thinkers. So they know where the button is in the bank feed, but they don't know why you reconcile the bank account two very different needs. And so I think that's completely pervasive in the industry. Their willingness to adopt new technology much lower than I am to. Paid. So I'm like, Dude, I can just set these up. I can just go and create 100 firms by just hiring a Principal Advisor. But what they need is they need the product stack, because it has to be agents delivering it, not a bunch of $50,000 a year, Sean dennehys And Muhammad, who are on our team, right? So like that won't scale. Because the problem is services, no matter how much you try, as you scale, service, quality will go down. Our system is completely different. We're building a knowledge system. So as we scale, the quality compounds. And that's both true in general, it's true for each instance, because as we're training our machines to learn about your company and how you pay, and how you get money and what you do with it each month, we're more and more accurate on an automated basis. So that means the client experience gets better. The way most accounting firm works is the exact opposite. The first three months are great, and then, like, they kind of just start doing the bare minimum to get by, and before you know it, they're not returning your calls. And I seen it happen in fucking tent, though, the work is so overwhelming and it's so disorganized. So that's my whole thesis. Is that, like these things are capital eight, easy to start. We should own them. They shouldn't be franchised out. I think the archetype of the type of person we can hire in to be a PA will value just saying, Hey, we're gonna pay 200k a year and we're going to build you a book to x by y date, and if you don't get there, we're going to part ways with you, right? This is a performance culture, but that's much less risky and easy. That's like how it works today. That is what they do today. They join these firms, or they go and start, but the number of people that go and start is much, much, much lower because these are, like, you know, somewhat risk aware people, and so what you need to do is create that necessary environment where you go one service delivery is solved. We have the technology platform that delivers it, and we deliver it so your clients are like, fuck yeah, right. You can easily get clients with this platform, because you're not wiring together fucking QE and bill.com and all this bullshit in order to deliver a

Joseph Guzel  17:43:41
fucking mental model putting myself in perspective of the person getting, uh, the person getting the caster going to be coming on, because I'm getting a flashback to stuff like Personal Capital, right? Where, like, Personal Capital wasn't something where a wealth manager would use personal capital to manage their back end of their book, the way that, like you would use Raymond James, if it was Talbot Guzel Wealth Management, or whatever, Guzel Talbot, I guess throughout that quarter the and that is different than like, if you think of the the models where this is persisted, that you've experienced in your real life, right there Is that model, let's say in wealth management, where it's the corporate actions and are in fund management is their effective ERP managed by and their ledger and their client list and everything monetizing on 1% of AUM, and it's Raymond James or whatever, or Schwab, You name it. The other the other extreme would be, for example, would be real estate, Coldwell, banker, Keller, Williams, etc, right? Where it's a, you are a 1099, as an agent, not a full time end of one business or employee at business, right? And then it's, it's more like a Shopify relationship to the storefront is, would be like the broker relationship, when you think about it, right? The costs are fixed, etc. Then there is this where, or like brick dynamics, where it's, you don't own the businesses. Well, for brick, it's you don't own the business. The business owners own their business. Let's say moving companies, right? They have trucks, moving companies, construction guys, subcontractor guys, they tack on more business for them, around franchises. So like the guy doing the that has a moving business is now also tax on a Waymo cleaning operation also has a live events set up operation all of the existing infrastructure that they already have, which is the trucks and the people in the guys in the amigos and or like a pharmaceutical delivery, like you, you know, you move boxes, You move houses, and then in the evening, you move hearts, like that. That's what they've done, actually, where. But those folks are all 1099, this is more we are the Raymond James enabling the existing businesses. And they've or no, sorry, they become. This is more personal capital in that they become Personal Capital.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:46:24
Become Personal Capital, yeah, to me, like the like, high level mental model, especially compared to wealth, right? Wire like, wire house, right? So I'm going to work for Merrill Lynch wirehouse. W2 but I need all their back office right to then. LPL, I set up my own shop. I rent the back office, or, you know, use the back office of someone else, like LPL, but I take the risk. I'm my own entity now. And then it's like, farther, who I really like, swings you back, right? And I think a few people are doing this, which now is like, Oh, the tech is really the thing. And so everyone's now part of farther. Everyone's w2 but you still run your own book the way you did at a wire house, where your earning potential is still basically commission, right? Like you got to go out and build the book, but the big advantage is going to be the technology platform supporting that. And that's why I like that model, because I think it's, I think it's cleaner and neater, and I think it abstracts away a lot of the logistical challenge, and I think that it's also kind of the Comp to what talent in the industry is typically gravitated to, because it's really, like, a partner model, right? Like, that's like, maybe then like,

Joseph Guzel  17:47:35
like, so, so I probably should have said State Farm, like, so, so, like, if you and I are State Farm, we're only State Farm, and we don't, we don't hock other policies, because we're managing general agent, if you're, if you're in that Merrill Lynch example, are you only Merrill Lynch and you only, you don't only offer Merrill Lynch stuff like Raymond James is the, is the NetSuite or whatever, but over at fucking Guzel Talbot, well, you know, we get you onto crypto, we get you on to, you know, whatever, and we'll sell you Black, Black Rock stuff like so we're agnostic. They're powering our firm and and we're powered by them, but we are. We offer whatever products we can. Insurance is like that too, unless you're but if we're State Farm guys, we're State Farm guys, and we can't offer you a competing policy because we're managing general agents and not brokers, yeah,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:48:25
so we're, what I'm suggesting, what we, what we need to be, is fully vertically integrated.

Joseph Guzel  17:48:31
Okay, so, yeah, so, so every client, every client comes on to, that's powerful. So every client, what you figured out is every client comes on to the vertical integration that makes

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:48:43
sense because, yeah, because we also want the direct relationship with the clients on our platform, right, like we want it to be. It's the clients instance on the platform. There's a PA that node is still really important. He counts the

Joseph Guzel  17:48:55
system of record exactly that's leaning into that, that truth that we always knew, that was more esoteric.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:49:01
It's still the same nodes model. I mean, that is 100% the way it needs to work. Yeah. I think what I want is, I want those clients as customers plugged into the cast,

Joseph Guzel  17:49:12
super specific question, super specific question. Then, yeah, yeah. What have you figured out with, like, with fucking charging for this thing, for their service today, and like, if tomorrow, like, do we have to avoid a reality where tomorrow, like, they're vertically integrated, and then everybody's gets on the system here, ease of integration is the is the key. Like, hey, you're actually already integrated. We just didn't even tell you, or whatever, right? Like, sure, you probably thinking of that and then and then. But it needs to either improve or be the same with respect to how they pay the customers are paying for the service, right?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:49:54
Yes, like, yeah, because we really what cast wants, right as a company is we want 10s of 1000s of small to mid sized businesses using cast as their core accounting platform. Right? It's just that, it's just that the what an accounting platform is is going to move from being something that really was a it was a GL, a chart of accounts and a set of policies into an intelligence engine, right, right, an agentic intelligence engine that's consuming context and constantly monitoring and in real time. You know, anytime it can reconcile, it will Right? Like, if there's a statement that it can draw, it will reconcile. Sometimes that's on the 15th, sometimes that's at the end of the month, right? So the point is, like this, I'm like, this whole thing is going to be autonomous, right? Or a lot of it, like, you still need the ends AI is still middle to middle, right? You still know kind of what to tell it to do, and know whether or not it's correct, right? There are elements of that where that expertise is still really essential, but it's like, that's really what we're building, I think, more than anything, it's a technology platform. We just go, hey, the way that people want to buy in this market, that puzzle and other like agentic, AI accounting, things don't get is that it's not emotion like a typical software sale. The sale happens through a channel, and that's actually pretty durable, like I think that is something that is going to remain consistent, right? We both. We made that bad. And I'm like, the modern distribution note is going to be this, PA, this Principal Advisor, and I want them to be cast, right? I want them to be to be wearing the wearing the cast brand rock.

Joseph Guzel  17:51:32
I think I guess what? I guess I agree on all that kind of,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:51:36
like, like, remember, versus selling a taxi company ride hailing software?

Joseph Guzel  17:51:41
Yeah. And, and I'm aligned with you there. I think what I'm asking is like, yeah, there's two, like, there's two vectors where the end the customer of the accountant gets, will get, you know, involved, or whatever, which is one, it's, it's integrating onto new thing. From old behavior that making it, making it as if, like, it's like, oh, actually, you're already on it without realizing it. Because, by virtue, like every existing customer should already, should just be on it without them realizing

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:52:18
because we screen, yes, oh, I see you're saying, Okay, I see what you're saying.

Joseph Guzel  17:52:22
That the way in which they literally pay their accountants, whatever that cadence is, I remember last year there was you were trying to figure out, like, how the fuck do we get these people to SaaS, because you're trying to, like, solve for cash flow constraints. And it was like, how do we get these people to start paying like this when they are used to paying like that? That's the other node, right? So what? Yeah, what have you figured out there?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:52:46
Number one clients are super so I'm just kind of starting the second part of the question. We the big thing is that we wanted to all this stuff rhymes. It's just, it's all the same things. You're moving to agents. But the a lot of the work that we do when we get a new client, it is the onboarding, right? Similar, very, very similar to software. You kind of got to get that right. Helen has traditionally been very hesitant to push people into annual agreements. That's the big thing that we want to change. Because you're like, you're putting in effort right up front. You want to know they're going to stick around at least 12 months, right? Like, it's kind of obvious they're very willing. That's something that we've had a lot of conversations around, and kind of test it a little bit. People don't really have an issue with annual contract. I think this is one of those things that Helen was just irrationally afraid of for whatever reason, and it didn't know how to position it, because a lot of it is just, how do you do that sale? Now, I haven't flipped it on yet. I've told I've instructed her, for the time being, to just keep doing it the way that she's comfortable, but I'm not, I'm not worried about that from in the other thing is, the more I'll talk about like, oh, everyone's just on cast. I'll explain that in a second, because that will happen. But the thing that actually better supports the annual deal is is showing a bit of the config and setup more directly, because today it's very abstract. It's like, you're like, Okay, we need to onboard you, give us access to your QuickBooks, and then, like, drop some files in this shared Box folder. But it doesn't really feel like a bunch is getting done. It's very different once we have a more orchestra. Just like selling software, it's super easy to get people to agree to annual agreements because they're investing in configuring the system you're doing the same thing with accounting services. Just doesn't feel that way. So that's thing, one thing two is, is like, how do we think about so right now, we got 150 customers, right? The average customers had two grand a month. I could show you some analysis that I mentioned, the 75 transactions break point, the $2,300 a month break point. They're just kind of break points on quality of the customer, right? So, like, I want to put that qualifier out there, because all you know, not all customers are created equal in our world, of course, but the way that we're going to execute this system build is problem number one to solve is wire up cast. To cast, right? So cast will be running on our autonomous agentic AI system, and that requires kind of an initial build, right? What do we need to do to support that thing too? Is like you begin to pull in your early design partner customers, a couple from the existing customer base, a couple net new what I'm having the team explore is this kind of testing system, right, which allows us to take our autonomous system and point it looking backwards at all of the accountant generated data or close information, right the state of the books at that point in time for all of our 150 customers, looking back of certainly to the beginning of the acquisition. But we can actually even go back further than that. That allows us to do two things. One, it allows us to use that very important real world trained golden data set where we say we have, you know, at least 12, I would say many more, probably 36 months of accountant approved, high quality delivered books for businesses. Well, guess what? That's really good for testing. Compare our autonomous result against that. We now have a perfect test set. What does that also mean? Though, that means we can go to the customers and say, like, Hey, we've been servicing you this way. We can just flip we can just flip this on it's already running for you, and now your books are going to get closed in two days, and you'll get real time alerts on anything that happens. And we can customize the reporting KPIs exactly what you want. Than the app, so you can basically get like, 10x better experience with 10x quality and throughput, and we'll probably lower your bill a little bit.

Joseph Guzel  17:56:53
Honestly, you're dancing around it, but it's, I actually think, like you're so because we're coming, we're coming at this from different like, here's what, here's what I've learned right is that, like this cloud penetrate this, this cloud provider building clouds AWS, kind of narrative that we have for it's real in especially in the world that you're in with cast. It's very real everywhere I'm looking. And they will be consensus very soon. And I think, and I think, like with the narrative of like, SAS is dead and this and that, okay, like by being totally vertically integrated, and then having AI, you have a zero latency relationship with everything is, is what's happening? Forget, even, like, into tradfi or any of that, like, okay, in the past, right? If you weren't going to charge traditionally with a SAS kind of fee, or whatever it was, which would, what were you going to do, and why were you doing that? Well, you were doing that because, from first principles, it was a it was a constraint of success. Is a business model that was, that was an answer to the constraints of the latency and the delivery of software services for the time that we were in and the world that we lived in, right? You couldn't, you it worked for that. And everything was kind of a derivative of it, right? Except for things like per seat models were really, actually trying to be cloud provider models in a world where they could, they didn't have a zero latency relationship, you see? And so, like, the the alternative, if you were, if you weren't going to do like a SaaS or annual fee, what would you have done to monetize it with some monotonous version of us? Well, it would have been like some kind of embedded play, or some right where it's like, I monetize, I give you this for free and I actually monetize on payments, or I give you this for free, and I monetize on something else that's still, that's still like, a viable move, but I think take it a step further, because, like, what's what could only happen, what could only fucking happen today, with AI that you could not do before, and turn that into a core product advantage? Yes, because if you could do it in the old paradigm, let's just do it in the old fucking paradigm.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:59:24
No, that's the whole thing. That's my we take the accounting firm and we turn it to software. So what people pay for is work product delivered right, which is very different than paying for a bundled stack of an sor plus services to deliver a work product delivered right. And what we can deliver is the world's best work product at infinite throughput for all of

Joseph Guzel  17:59:46
our work product delivered. You're totally you're totally right, but you're that that's assuming that businesses give a shit about the goodness of the accounting which we know they don't

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  17:59:59
know they like the accounting firm. That's what I'm saying. Is it the abstraction is not an

Joseph Guzel  18:00:05
accounting system between the accountant that services them in the firm and stuff, and whether they have the the reconciliation that they do, or how they do the books, or whatever, whatever delight is for them is, is has nothing to do with the action of the accounting. It has that has to be correct. It has everything to do with the accountant and the experience and their pain being reduced in terms of cost and shit like that.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  18:00:34
Well, it's a couple of things so, so the experience is somewhat important. It's it's often, honestly, it's the bundling. So people hire us because they want a full finance department, right? QBO is not a finance department. An accounting system is not a finance department, right? A Finance Department is taking accountability for the core deliverables that a financing would deliver. They're renting a very small one for us at a very low price. It's much less expensive than paying for their own right, that is the value unit. Like it's it right now, in today's world, that value is monetized with a combination of sors plus a bunch of accounting firms, right, to deliver that value. And that's a great value prop for the buyer. And it's somewhat, yeah, the team and the quality of the team. It's really the advisor. It's the person at the top. It's a Joseph your Helen that is giving them comfort that somebody at the top is keeping an eye on their books, right?

Joseph Guzel  18:01:24
I'm even, I'm even a couple of steps beyond that. I agree with everything you said, like, sincerely, but so you're a business owner. I'm a business owner. Like, your cash flow is a massive factor with. Respect to and how you have to pay for services, and when you have to pay for services and stuff is, is, is a huge factor of whether or not you are having a good time or not operationally. It doesn't, it doesn't impact your margin, on your on your product, or anything else you're doing other than like, your operations internally and being solvent and all that stuff and solving that problem? Yeah, it's all about solving the problem for the end customer, right? Which is the ultimate strategic thing is, what like? Why can't it be core within the user experience for any user, for one of the accountants, with our with our PLA with the cast platform that they will always pay and be charged in a copacetic way to their cash flow constraints and the nature of their three statement balance sheet as the as the folks that they service. So whether that's every day, every week, every month or twice a year, and I don't see any reason why, in an AI world like every whether it's 150 customers that Helen and Joseph be have, or whether it's 2000 why each of them can't be paid differently or charged differently according to their unique needs If they're vertically integrated on our platform, and, and so that creates a moat where it's, well, I would switch to blah, blah, blah, because they're better, but like they fundamentally, I'm fundamentally getting charged in a way for services that is as if I was, I had that service internally as the end Customer, Helen and Joseph B and and that is that, then a moat, everything reconciles into the same average, right, whatever, whatever that is, right? If you're, if you're, you know, twice a year kind of person, and I'm every day, and we're the same size customer and the same client type, then, then it's the same charge. But it's in web two, you just couldn't do that. You just,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  18:03:46
like, even, I think it's so I think what you're seeing is super interesting, right? Like, no doubt about that, I can tell you, like, let me like, usual, right? Like, you're living in the future, which I love. That's where you create all this value. So today, like, the abstraction is, is easy because they're thinking that they're buying decision is, I can keep going. Is that what you said? Okay, their buying decision is basically, do I bring a team in house, or do I hire an accounting firm? Right? So it very naturally fits into this, like monthly cadence, right? It's a it's a easy line item to put on there, instead of paying 20 grand a month for a few a couple people to do this, I'm going to pay cast $8,000 a month, and it's going to consistently in my bound now, what I love about what you're saying is that, like in this world that we're talking about, this system that we're building, the one of the most important pages in the app is the company context, right? It's the lattice work of markdown files. And you're all about this. I know that helps, basically train the system and direct the agents to accomplish it's compounding, right? So, like I could show you, so when you give it, when an agent presents you, okay, I'm gonna get a little abstract here, end customer, right, getting the value they're paying for the work product. We can talk, while talk for a second about how they can pay in different ways, but they're paying for the work product. We then have a node which is an expert on our network, and then we have our platform right. So in order to deliver the work product, you still need that node right to go in and improve and edit and monitor the work being done by the platform. So one of the features that we have, or that we prototype during, I have in my my app, is that when me, because I am both the accountant and the consumer for cast, right, I'm doing both jobs, is that I get notified of things I need to review, that the system has a low confidence on right? It's a very basic starting point is I interact with that agent, and I say, hey, we have a bunch of deposits in October 2025 that are all from Intuit. And AI created all 60% confident. It thinks it's supposed to go to AR, but it's not positive. And I'm like, okay, great. This is how we get paid. We actually collect money through trivia payments, right? So now, every time you see that transaction agent, I want you to add it to our contact center to know that that should be coded AR, right? As simple as that, that agent then writes it back to the company contact center, right? So now is, this is what I mean, that our our results compound like we get better every month where the normal services firm degrades. Every month we actually have the opposite effect, because this training is getting smarter. So this leads, this is actually an input to what you're talking about, right? Which is when you sufficiently understand the way that capital flows through your clients. In each of these you know, we have the PA to all the nodes, but each of the EA, each of the nodes, the end accounts. Yeah, each of them is basically their own little contained intelligence system with appropriate context and AI tools. That is what allows us to say, Hey, your cash goes in this way. You should be paying us twice a year, and we're fine with that, you know, because you're super seasonal, and by the way, to your point, we can do that for every customer with completely different business models, billing models for each right like there's no constraint to that. I think this is all related to the same thing, which is our ability to understand context, and specifically financial tax and accounting context for a client is what allows us to delight them with solutions that move them forward, and where does that go eventually? Hey, you're overpaying for insurance. Here's a recommendation. Hey, did you? Did you know if you, instead of clawed,

Joseph Guzel  18:07:35
well, I'll take a step further with debt.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  18:07:39
Here's guess what I was talking to so I had a great dinner with upper 90 about this, which is, we should be preferred partners, right? Because if they have cast approved books, they can trust them. And this is just the beginning of what we've been what we were talking about two years ago, for where this could go with,

Joseph Guzel  18:07:55
with, with all those affiliate things. I'm trying to keep my mind always away from whatever the model was that worked in the and forget about product models, because actually, like, here we are just doing more services that that's, that's, that's a Fugazi, that's a head fake, as you figured out, it's distribution and business model, right? Products away, right? Always. So is this some shit that we did in the old world that worked? Yes, even if it wasn't the best, it worked and it was an option. Therefore, let's try not to default to it as the de facto thing in the new world. Otherwise, we should just do the old world thing. That's a Bezos. ISM, right. It's why do books online? Well, if you literally, physically can't get every SKU of books into into Disneyland, there's so many, you can only work online. Therefore, do it online. You, yes, you perfect. So, we agree that, like, and we've learned that things like scale AI, or anything that's that's trying to manufacture data, or synthetic data or whatever is not actually valuable. And we learned that, and you and I knew that because I learned that from it's like, the only thing I got from Larry and stuff, which was like it only data is very valuable if it exists today, from something that happens today, from a system or a machine or a human that happens today, in this moment, and he doesn't have it. So it's about a cut. It's a custody thing, not a man. It's not a creation of it, if he has that data or part of it from some system or human or being or channel or whatever, and then you try to manufacture equity out of that. It doesn't actually, that doesn't work. He has to not have it, period. And any derivative of data that he doesn't have is then valuable. So therefore, if what you're able to do is turn what if SaaS contracts are actually and lock in, there are actually about payments without realizing it, and it's no different than cloud delivery with respect to how.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai