Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:14:42
Ass folks like you and me, which I do think is real, by the way, right? But let's get to the chase and just clear the air a little bit on Well,

Joseph Guzel  13:14:49
I don't want to jump into that necessarily, if you don't mind. I'd love to just hear about how the heck you're doing for a minute, and what's been going on with my investment in my

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:15:01
team, the we're gonna make, we're making some big pivots at cast that I do want to talk about. Like, you know, I have to, I do have to start from a place of like, this is the worst three months of my professional career. What's been happening with Haven like, I am fucking not happy, and it's hard for me to get excited to which, you know how much I respect your strategic input, Joe, you know that, and you know how excited I am to talk about cast. It's all I'm thinking. I haven't worked more hours than I have worked in the past 90 days since we last really caught up. And that's not and that's from a place of like, because I am fucking pumped cast is gonna fucking win, but the Haven stuff is a fucking dumpster fire, and I am, I am so pissed about it, and if I don't get that out on the table, it's not fair or productive The

Joseph Guzel  13:15:58
Haven stuff, yes, this time, just look, we're both in the same spot.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:16:07
No, I know that's why I'm saying, hey, let's, let's assume that when you

Joseph Guzel  13:16:13
get off this call, you're gonna feel just as bad as you do now, and I as you have for months, and I'm gonna feel just as bad as I have since my, you know, my relationship with my cousin got destroyed because of this man in summer 24 okay, I haven't been paid for my own business with my own property. These are my limited partners. He's only 10 million, and it's his sister. That's my LP, not him.

Unknown Speaker  13:16:44
Dude, like, I

Joseph Guzel  13:16:46
haven't been paid since last July. I took an $800,000 pay cut in 2021 to pursue this haven ventures. Exists as an institution with the types of LPs that it has doing, the types of investing that it does leading institutional rounds, because I did that at crosslink and I bought my practice I couldn't afford it, so I kept working with crosslink and having to work it off with sweat equity, and took care of my partner at the same time, who was not a venture capitalist or a full time employee at crosslink capital, even though I made him appear like he was something that he wasn't, not realizing that I was diminishing myself by propping him up, focusing instead on the institution that I dreamed of building, with a team that I would sacrifice for. I don't have health insurance, and my wife is pregnant. Baby's due in July. I don't have my company. Car isn't paid for. I don't have access to my assets.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:17:55
So, yeah, I do. I like again. It Right.

Joseph Guzel  13:17:59
So why did this happen? Is it because Haiti is not a top decile fund?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:18:04
I decile fund? Let me just stop you really quick, because I understand, I empathize what I'm saying. Bob Dylan said it best, you're right from your side. I'm right from mine. What is all I'm talking about? The impact of whatever the situation is at Haven has been disastrous.

Joseph Guzel  13:18:25
What is? What is Haven? I just know, but Joe, like, I'm not getting it, Matt, stop it, please. I haven't talked to you for months, and I'm still legally your board member and shit. Just listen to me as a friend, as a man, whatever we are. No, I know. I'm asking, forget the works of just you're just looking at objectively. Okay? Because I'm not making excuses. I'm not

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:18:53
I'm trying. I know, and I'm saying I don't. I'm saying I understand.

Joseph Guzel  13:18:57
Is Haven? What is Haven? Matt, what is it I just laid out for the 90th time, everything truthfully.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:19:04
Here it's me, Joe, you can I agree. I understand I understand the track record. I understand McLean's background. I understand who contributed what. I understand what you're saying, and where you're coming from and how you've been impacted by McLean's disruption. And I'd be happy to share, been

Joseph Guzel  13:19:23
impacted by McLean's disruption.

Unknown Speaker  13:19:26
What's that?

Joseph Guzel  13:19:28
Why is there a disruption?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:19:31
I have no idea, and I don't mean because, again, me neither exactly, and I don't care, because I'm like Joe. I'm running cast. My job is. To drive this business forward, we had an active financing that was supposed to be closed months ago that had $300,000 committed from a fund that my billionaire board member is an LPN, that made an introduction to who wanted to ride along with the financing that haven ventures was leading. That was to close in October. The past three months, four months, five months since October, nothing has moved forward at all. I had to that money's gone. They walked away. Right? No matter what we did, we couldn't get them there, because they're like, this is a disaster. Why isn't this getting done? We were rushed to due diligence because we were told that haven was closing a price financing at 30 post by the end of October, and now we're sitting here and it's January and nothing's been done.

Joseph Guzel  13:20:36
Why haven't there been why haven't white Why did you stop contacting me? We were going back and forth, and I sent

Unknown Speaker  13:20:42
so, yeah, I will

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:20:45
tell you exactly what. Why did you because I

Joseph Guzel  13:20:47
stopped talking about the financing that I incited, like the one that got you everything,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:20:54
dude, I know and I'm grateful. No, let me be

Joseph Guzel  13:20:57
very fucking clear you weren't able to raise I took a shot on you with my LP capital in 2024

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:21:05
Yes, I appreciate that again.

Joseph Guzel  13:21:07
I tried to give you a safe in December of 2024 and I introduced you to Ron Suber, who you wouldn't fucking know, who gave you debt to by cast, right? Of course, yes. And I shelled out another two and a half million dollars, right? Okay, yes, and I let it go unpriced because of my conviction. Now, no, listen, don't What are you laughing at me, literally

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:21:32
yelling at me, Joe without well, you're talking about shit wrong.

Joseph Guzel  13:21:38
Don't sit here and say, and I'm just and I was trying to get you to

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:21:43
get to my level. Joe, Joe, Joe, you need to start speaking to me respectfully, like an adult.

Joseph Guzel  13:21:48
Don't lie to me like I'm a child, an infant, alive, dude.

Unknown Speaker  13:21:52
Joe, Joe, you

Joseph Guzel  13:21:53
need Why did you stop? Why, Matt? Why did

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:21:58
you need to level up and calm down? I just told you factually what happened over the past six months, if you want it's not factual. Respectfully, what is unfactual about that? Why did you go dark? I will tell you. I will tell you everything, and I will

Unknown Speaker  13:22:17
tell you the only thing I will tell you,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:22:22
but you're not letting me finish. You're getting incredibly emotional.

Joseph Guzel  13:22:26
No, I'm not emotional, but I don't like being just No, you're

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:22:29
speaking down to me. You haven't even let me say what's going on. I'm telling you factually, and be careful, because I keep saying my relationship with Haven okay, I'm happy to fill in the blanks. I am telling you factually what was in, what was supposed to happen with the round, and I'm grateful for your support. I'm grateful for the connections you provided. I'm grateful for the capital you've put at risk. I hope you felt that and understand that since we've begun to work together. I am talking about a period of time that was really starting in August, but most specifically from the attempt of getting this financing done until today. And I am happy to tell you exactly what happened and exactly what I did in response to that, and what I think is actually going on now, but I do need it to be a safe space where I'm not going to get attacked. It's not going to get emotional. Get emotional, man, we're adults here.

Joseph Guzel  13:23:26
Let's just, I'm not being emotional and don't and just, let's not be condescending to each other. I'm not talking basic respect. I'm not in the same disassociative, stressed place that I was last time when we chatted a lot different.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:23:43
Okay, you're you're right now, I would just say your tone is very aggressive. That's fine. Well, so

Joseph Guzel  13:23:49
I'm Turkish, that's racist. So listen to me. Let's start from

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:23:55
let's talk to me like this. You can't talk to

Joseph Guzel  13:23:58
me like I'm trying to make you laugh for once. Okay, don't act like a victim here, and then flip me as the offender. Now, listen,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:24:05
acting like a victim, dude. This is crazy already. This is crazy. Dude. You're, like, not having a conversation. You're, you're, you're acting really strange. Let me just tell you what happened. Let me talk for five minutes without being interrupted, and I will tell you everything that happened.

Joseph Guzel  13:24:21
Just start. Can we just start from the text the day when you texted me to be like, Yo, what is going on with the financing? I was like, I know. I know. I know. And then we started down

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:24:32
that, yes, I will tell you everything, Joe, I'm an advocate for you. You just got one here. I don't care.

Joseph Guzel  13:24:37
This is a waste of time. Just start from there. Please. Please forget.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:24:43
Okay, so like the financing was going slow, there's no doubt about that. October, no red lines. Month went by. That was an issue. I wasn't super concerned, Joe, because I've worked with you and I understand how you work, which is you work in sprints. Is how I would call that, right, like these days. I think, I think stylistically, that can be tricky for some people. I understand that, and I'm fine with it, right? So I wasn't freaked out, but it was going slow, and I was trying to manage Graham and Walker throughout this, right? And I've got, like, Sam and Walker are, they're the fun that Sam's an LPN that was going to ride along on this round with 300k and we wanted that because it's an external it's a third party investor, validates the price financing. It was a clean play. It made sense for all of us, right? I got a call on November 12.

Joseph Guzel  13:25:35
Remember what day it was when we when you were texting me to light a fire under our asses?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:25:39
No, I don't. I could pull up a timeline if you want, but that would be great. Let me just talk through the big things that happened, and I'm going to be as always, hopefully, as you know, I want to be 100% transparent around what I was told and how I responded and what I did, okay, and I have to assume that this never, you've never lied to me. I don't lie. Yeah, no, I don't either. But I also have to assume this is confidential. For now, I just need to, I need to tell you everything, and then we need to

Joseph Guzel  13:26:08
figure out I'm your board member. There's nothing more confidential than that, just because I know, I know, I know I know, there's, I know, nasty things that have been going on. Thank you. Let me just get this water.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:26:18
Yeah, like, I'll tell you whatever you need to know, but we do need to get through this.

Unknown Speaker  13:26:24
Okay, so, yeah, get your water. Get your water. It's fine.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:26:44
Sorry about that. Lane blue. Okay, so I got a call on like the 11th of November, the 12th of November, something like that, early November

Joseph Guzel  13:26:57
from he's not Voldemort. You can say his name.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:27:02
No. I just also want to be careful, because this is Maxine. Called me, and I think Maxine was part of this whole ploy. So Maxine called me and he said I talked to McLean. McLean has notified me that Joe has done severely inappropriate and illegal things in his role at Haven, and I'm not willing to get into the details, but those things included things that are legal. So I was like, What the fuck and Max seems like number one, Joe, the first thing I thought, just to be clear, I did press him a little bit, and, you know, this might be crazy that I'm I am just going to tell you everything that that I was told you can, which is the word fraud was said, and forgery. And so I said, I need to understand that. And Maxim said, you need to call McLean tomorrow and understand what's going on, and McLean will be willing to give you the details. So I text him, the two of them, what's that?

Joseph Guzel  13:28:14
What's so it's Maxine. Was the only other LP aside from one other Georgian guy, not Georgian like this, Georgian. Georgian, like Europe that that McLean brought in, aside from his sister, yeah? So that I figured that that was the case, he was always a liability. But go ahead.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:28:33
Well, yeah, Max seems great, right? Like, I don't think, I think that, like, what we have to understand is, like, Listen, I'm not going to pretend to know what's going on. And that's what I mean, like, I'm done, like, I am so done with this, man. I don't know if McLean's crazy. I don't know what's going on with you. I don't know what to believe. I trust you.

Joseph Guzel  13:28:52
Doesn't Right? Like, which is, like, get your company out of this exactly.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:28:58
That's all I'm trying to say, is I have others,

Joseph Guzel  13:29:01
the second largest concentration of capital that I have in my top decile portfolio, after Hansa, yes, and I'm gonna make this company one price capital in there with preference surrounding me, which is what they're trying to do.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:29:15
Maxine. No, Maxine. Maxine is not trying to fuck anybody. Oh, trust me. Like No, trust me. No, don't Joe. Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe. Like I have to ask you to please understand and listen to what I'm saying, because I do feel like I have a good read

Joseph Guzel  13:29:32
now I want to hear it. Okay, so emotional,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:29:37
I think, because I'm telling you that the I've had a lot of conversations, Matt. Maxine Maxime and I were trying to be the Jared Kushner here, and, you know, help negotiate with McLean. So I don't think Maxine has any bad intent. I think Maxine is

Joseph Guzel  13:29:51
purely good. Yeah, it's okay. He's a businessman. Okay, that's his business.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:29:55
So, yeah, like, I think Maxine is all business. I don't think he has, I don't think he gives a fuck about whatever the thing. So what McClain is doing, Joe, is he's telling everybody. He's telling me that you have committed fraud and forgery and have done other inappropriate things, and I don't know what those things are,

Joseph Guzel  13:30:14
and what's the fraud and forgery. Can you be more specific, or was that all he gave you?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:30:19
That was really all he gave me, Joe, like there wasn't a lot of details, which maybe I should have taken as something, but his position was, Joe is out of Haven and will be out of Haven and has no rights. This is the second time McLean has told me that you are out of Haven. By the way, the first time was over the summer. He told me, you can speak for Haven, sign for Haven or vote for Haven.

Joseph Guzel  13:30:41
And where am I at Haven, right? So okay, like, this

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:30:46
is again, Joe. Like, I think McLean is crazy. This is where I'm landing. But I just need you let me tell the story. So sorry. So So I freaked out. Man, this is the one of the worst calls I've ever had in my professional life. I'm running a fucking accounting business now. I'm being told that my board member, my largest investor, is committing fraud. I was really upset about it, you know, and, and so I called the lawyers. I called Sam, you know, it was a tough week, because I'm like, I have to do something right? Like, I cannot take the I've put a lot into this company, a lot of life energy, right? Like, I believe in it more than ever right now, Friday, February 27 than I ever have. Like, I'm telling you, once we talk strategy, you'll get excited, like there's good stuff happening, but this is awful, man. And so I called everybody, and we're just like, we have to damage control. We have to, like, seal the company, and we have to protect what's up? Who's everybody? Sam, Joey, and I, my lawyer, so my like, so it

Joseph Guzel  13:31:49
was November 11. If you give me the specific date, I can stay on the phone till three, whatever. Fuck yeah.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:31:55
So, yeah. Like, you know, I do not want to be embroiled in anything that's I just have to continue to state that I will send you a timeline, Joe with everything. But let me just send you a document. I have one going.

Joseph Guzel  13:32:10
Just, just let me pull it up. Let's take a pause. Let's take a pause. It's really good to have you back. Thank you. I could cry right now. Thank you. So I you know I'll step on landmines. I'll never let you get I'll never let anything happen to you. So go ahead, just don't worry about that stuff. Okay? So never had this conversation?

Speaker 1  13:32:44
Yeah, it's been really bad, man. Really bad. So okay,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:32:49
so what happened was, McLean made all these claims he, you know, didn't substantiate, necessarily, with a ton of evidence, but he, I talked to him, probably, I don't know, a few times over the course of the next week after that. November incident.

Joseph Guzel  13:33:08
November incident being November 11.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:33:11
Yeah, whatever the date was, the initial call where I talked to when Maxine notified me that I needed to call McLean. And that was all in the 24 hour period.

Joseph Guzel  13:33:20
And it was November 4. Was our last email correspondence about the round when I sent those comments and we were trying to get it done. And that the time lapse between them we'll get to after, from New Hampshire when I called you on the plane to what happened next, I'll fill in that

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:33:37
after, okay, yeah, yeah. And, like, I'm sure that there was stuff again, like, I was very frustrated before the McLean calls on the pacing of the round.

Joseph Guzel  13:33:45
It's right, but it's all the same thing, just, yeah, like

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:33:49
the pacing on the round stuff. Honestly, I know you again, I know how to work. That's I was very frustrated then, but looking back like it's not, it's wasn't a big deal. This was the big thing, right? And so that kicked off these series of like, calls and protections, and again, mostly with so I notified the rest of the board shortly thereafter as well with,

Joseph Guzel  13:34:14
Give me specifics please, because I this is dn territory. This is what, well, it's I'm a board director, and Haven is still very much in my control. I have 95% of the Aum is under my control. I rebranding it to context. That's what's happening here. I'm not just talking that,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:34:30
yeah, yeah, I'm sure. And again, like, what? What I'm doing right now is person to person, communicating everything that's happened, if McLean's going, if not, and all kinds of. Other, whatever's going on. Like, again, I just, you're not involved, right? But, again, you know, I'll send you whatever, but I can pull up my time. Let me pull it up in the background while we're talking, because

Joseph Guzel  13:34:52
just do everything, just audibly. Don't put anything in writing. Okay, no, that's what, yeah, that's what I'm trying to what he does, he's actually insane. You're right there.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:35:01
Stick dude. I didn't think that. Now I'm I'm psychopath. There's something really there's

Joseph Guzel  13:35:08
something wrong with him. Dark going on there. There's something really wrong with him. He's trying to kill me, yep.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:35:14
Okay, so that was November 12. I have it in my notes. On December 4, was when you came back with the safe, and I did not like that structure, to be clear. Now I think I might actually know what was going on. You have to remember the state of mind that I was in.

Joseph Guzel  13:35:34
Sorry, I'm getting lost. We went from November to it's this December. I came with a safe.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:35:40
December 4, yeah, so November 12, I was notified. All these calls happen. Can you and I

Joseph Guzel  13:35:45
focus on the on the calls and stuff there. Let's because I so, so, so November. I have November 4, in November 12. Let's just talk about everything right there, because that's really important. And you'll see why, if you don't mind, yeah, yeah. So, so, yeah, so, okay, Maxine calls you on the 12th, on the 12th, or he texts you and says, Call McLean. Yeah, Okay, gotcha. And then over text Maxime says, all this stuff. Or you call McLean, and then he give me that conversation with McLean is in as much detail as you can be possible, just so that I understand. Nobody's given me anything. I haven't heard this. This is I haven't heard one of these before, but I know they happen. So this isn't news to me that he's been doing this just so, you know.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:36:35
Yeah, okay, so I'm trying to put myself back on the there was a lot to happen in this. So, okay, yeah, so it was a call first on that Wednesday, and he was, he was on it, okay. So, yeah, okay. Now I'm remembering now, okay, is this I just again, like,

Joseph Guzel  13:37:04
I have a kid coming in July, Matt, I don't have time for this. I need to get my that's what anxiety. You know, I've done nothing but protect you with my reputation, my assets, my people. I've jumped up when I haven't had them, and they've been against me.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:37:18
So yeah, and I understand more now of what the oppositional force that you were actually dealing with, which explains the safe like, trust me, okay, so he called on that Wednesday, he was on a plane. The first thing he said to me, or he was about to get on a plane, the first thing he said to me, Joe, is he said, so you understand my state of mind right now, I have hired additional security to stay at home with my wife while I'm going on this trip. And

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:37:58
I was like, What the fuck are you talking about? And he's like, we just view that there might be like a security risk with Joe. So then he goes on to tell me that over the past several months, there were anywhere from 30 to $50,000 a month in personal expenses that were being drained from the management company, and that all of those expenses were clearly deemed to be non work related, and that you were unilaterally utilizing company funds to do that, and that that was a breach of the operating agreement, secondarily, that you had made a series of commitments to invest in companies that had not been run through an appropriate LP process, which was at that time, being communicated to me almost like we almost with the framing, we might be out of money. There's so many promises out there that we don't even know. Like that was the that was the vibe that wasn't said explicitly. That was the vibe of was communicated. He's made dozens of promises to founders, right? Like some some language like that. I don't I'm trying to go back to remember the precise language, but it was basically that you would drain money from the management company for personal expenses. You would promise funds that you don't have, that there may or may not be reserves available to commit and follow on on these investments. I.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:39:46
Hmm, and then that was the phone call. Okay, the why wouldn't

Joseph Guzel  13:39:54
he? Why wouldn't he know what our reserves are if he's a 5050, partner

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:40:01
like it goes without saying that can let me tell you a quick story. Over the summer, McClain called me and said, Joe is fired from Haven. It was before our May board meeting. He can't speak for Haven. He can't vote for Haven. His signature doesn't matter from Haven. You have to consider him fully gone. Any business with haven from here, going forward, is now with McLean. And so I called the lawyers and had them like, I like, freaked out. It was a terrible day again. I called Noah, our guy from Cooley. Here's what Noah said to me. And I have not forgotten this, Joe. And now I wish that maybe I had been more

Joseph Guzel  13:40:41
it was January 2 that he stole my email again and did the same thing. May 5 was the week leading up to your board meeting that he did the hostile takeover attempt.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:40:49
And, yeah, exactly so. But here's what Noah said, Right? Noah said, I said, No, this is very bizarre, like it's not what I understand. The dynamic to be at Haven, right? I just again, I'd have, you know, I do view you as, hey, even in McLean's kind of this wing, right? But like McLean isn't.

Joseph Guzel  13:41:08
McLean hasn't done anything here,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:41:11
but here, here's what Noah said. He goes. Listen, if McLean told you this, there isn't a single competent VC on the planet that would communicate that to a founder unless it was already done. So if you communicated it, Joe is already gone, like they've already come to an agreement, and he's already officially out of the fund. Because nobody would ever pull a founder into this.

Unknown Speaker  13:41:35
I was like two weeks and

Joseph Guzel  13:41:40
then you'd have the communication plan.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:41:43
Well, I called McLean two weeks later because I hadn't heard from I said, Hey, I thought you were signing these safes. I thought Joe was like, terminated. Like, am I supposed to talk to Joe? Like, what's going on? And he's like, Oh, just like, work with Joe to get that stuff signed. And I was like, so what was that call from two weeks ago?

Joseph Guzel  13:41:58
So this is over the summer, in May. So, because may 5, you had a board though, I had a cast board meeting the week that I got my email stolen. It's when I came out of Jerry stressed, yes, leading up to that, it was even more stressful. But the it that was May 5 was when he shut off all my systems and then tried to get him and crossing, tried to get me to sign a sign my everything away right there on the phone. I have the recording, right? Yeah, obviously. And then yeah. And then it was May, we had a board meeting that Wednesday or Thursday, I flew to Denver, even without my email, right? And then may 9, I sent them to cease and then it was July. Think July, like first I was still in Europe that we signed the binding operating protocol, which is a long form operating agreement that is binding, that negated everything and was supposed to be what manages us going forward. And then now, here we are again, right? So, yeah, yeah, four may 5, or what's that? Did he call you in the summer last year before May 5, or after May 5?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:43:10
He called me the night before the board meeting, so that

Joseph Guzel  13:43:13
would have been after May 5. So he's, he's switching up his strategy this time, because this time, January, 2, he stole everything again.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:43:20
Yeah, no, yeah. He did it November 12, and so that so that was session one. I'm going to tell you about these two sessions. That was the phone call that Friday. He was flying back to San Francisco from Wichita, or whoever the fuck he was, through Denver, and he said, Come out to the airport and we'll get breakfast, and I'll tell you some details on what's actually happening.

Joseph Guzel  13:43:46
That was so that was November, December.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:43:48
That was two days after I was notified, right? This is all that

Joseph Guzel  13:43:51
week. Sorry. Are we talking about May? Are we talking about November?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:43:55
November? Yeah. Sorry, yeah. That notification, this

Joseph Guzel  13:43:58
would be so this is after you talk to Maxine, then you talk to him, and then you call, you have a call with him a week later. So let's say the fifth the 20 something,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:44:07
no, no, no. Like, literally, like, I'm notified the 12th. I have a call with McLean the next day, right? Or maybe I'm notified the 11th by Maxine. And I talked to McLean the next day. The 12th, McLean is then passing back through Denver on the 14th, and he says, Come out to the airport. Meet me for breakfast. I'll extend my layover, and I can give you details, because the phone call was relatively short, right? And so Joey and I drove out there and got breakfast with McLean, and McLean at that breakfast, you know? Basically said the same stuff. The big claim that he that he talked about over breakfast, was the making a claim that you had nullified and revoked his and his family's health insurance, and that it had caused his wife undue harm, and that she was intending to take legal action related to this and the highly illegal activity in doing so and so, this further the what I believed to be true at that point in time, and I didn't, I mean, this all sounds crazy to be true at that point in time. Well, I'm just meaning that I'm taking McLean at

Unknown Speaker  13:45:29
face value at that point. Him, yeah,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:45:33
well, the severity of what he's saying and the conviction with which he's saying, it like I've been around I can read people pretty well. That's what I mean. There's something really, really weird going don't

Joseph Guzel  13:45:46
get as far as you and I have gotten in life, being bad judges of character, right?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:45:50
Yeah, he was very good at selling this victim card that he was a he had been placed in a position where the only thing that he could do was sever the relationship with you, because the behavior was so severe, it was causing harm to founders, and more specifically, the big heartstring was his wife personally, because McLean took his kid to the doctor and they said he didn't have insurance. Or some, I don't remember the exact details, honestly, some heartstring story about this insurance situation, and he came across as very earnest, like he really did, and he had a number of things around you know that that you were acting erratically, and that you were, you know, behaving in certain way. I'll tell you. I'll tell you the details of what he told me, behaving in ways at events that was causing McLean to be contacted by colleagues about how Joe was showing up, and he gave a specific example of some sort of JP Morgan event, where someone texted McClain saying, Joe asked a really long question at this event, and he was like, and everyone was like, he was rambling. McLean was making it sound like, again. He was making it sound like there were, like, mental health issues, right? Like, again, is this kind of like gaslighting, like Joe is showing Stein signs of instability, it is that's right, and increasingly erratic behavior and poor decision making, right? Like he now looking back again, like now, I'll tell you that where I was in those conversations, where I am now, a lot has changed, because I've seen how the plane actually does. Can only last

Joseph Guzel  13:47:51
so long. That's the problem. Well,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:47:53
that's the thing. Like, it's all it's all fake. Yes, there's nothing there. Yeah, it's and so and so. But I was very, very upset about this and very concerned. And I honestly went into, I had to go into protect mode, right? Like, I have to keep the company safe. Because I was also like, I was, it was like, you know, it was kind of like the it was like, sensational. Is this going to get written about in the information like McClain was almost making it sound like it was that level of excess and crazy, right? And exactly what he did to his ex wife, by the way, it's crazy, and so he was good at making me very scared. I would say that was actually the feeling that I had when I left. I was like, We're fucked like, like, this might take us down, right? And so at that point, what we decided was that we would basically like McLean was, you know, you look back now and you're like, none of this like his. The story kept changing with McLean. So we were like, Listen, this is easy. Like most of the money's in. We know the intent of what Joe is trying to lead. All the terms are fine. Let's just have Hannah gray take the paperwork over the finish line, right? Like, if the fund is effectively frozen, which is effectively what McLean is communicating now we're going into arbitration. McClain said to me multiple times in these conversations, there is no future for Joe at Haven. He will be out there by making him the sole signatory and sole out. Actor that can represent Haven ventures, right? And that was what I that was at that point in time, what I understood the facts of the situation to be. So what we wanted to do was then try to find a way to still get the financing closed, because we had this issue with Helen and Joseph be of the note, right? And we're like, we need to get at least the Graham and Walker money in McLean affirmed to me, by the way, in this in the series of a couple weeks, I probably had a handful of additional calls with him over this

Joseph Guzel  13:50:20
period that he was all about those, everything.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:50:23
Yeah, I mean, honestly, outside of it was, like those two conversations and then, like, there was a blur all the way up until the end of the year. And I'll explain that blur, because it was every day. I was taking calls from Sam, who was highly involved in this, Kate from Hannah gray and Maxine. And we were like, What can we do? We have to get the Graham and Walker money in. We have a note coming due from tenfold right? That was supposed to be paid 120 days post the deal, but is dependent mechanically upon this financing closing. In order for us to pay off that debt, we're paying 20% interest on it. We got to get this done. This done. This is why you and I structured it exactly so we're running up into all these deadlines, and we're like, how the hell are we going to get this closed? McClain was like, I'll get you the money. I will sign the documents. I now speak for Haven, put my signature block on everything. I will wire it, and I will wire it by December 31 and he represented that to myself,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:51:36
to Maxine Maxim and I got on a call with him December 8. I mean, this is, I'll tell you, actually, December 4. So, no, no, December 6.

Joseph Guzel  13:51:49
So, so just pause. So on timeline, Okay, God, you're amazing. I miss you. It's, yeah,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:51:57
I've got it all down. I mean, I had to write this down. This is Joe. This is the craziest

Joseph Guzel  13:52:01
shit I've ever dude, how do you think I feel? Like, how does my wife feel? I mean, I'm, it's, I'm not scared anymore, though there's a lot where I know what there is you're going through. You just went through what I was last summer.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:52:12
There's a lot of hurt people here

Joseph Guzel  13:52:15
that, right? That can, that can be fixed. But it had, we have to fix him.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:52:20
We have to solve this for sure, right? Like, I agree. I mean, like, listen, life's long. Like, there's always ways to men, but like, right now it's, there's these actions have caused a tremendous amount of truth. Okay, so truth

Joseph Guzel  13:52:33
sets you free, because I've sat in my truth and I haven't caved,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:52:38
yeah, and I'm, you know, like, Listen, I have to express myself, right? I have to be very open, it's of course. So it feels good to talk about this, right? But like, again, I don't know, I

Joseph Guzel  13:52:51
would not be here if I, if I wasn't sitting in my truth, I wouldn't be, yeah, and where I would have succumbed to the pressure and believed the reality they were trying to manifest and bend. For me, they're trying to eat my soul. It's all it's what it's been. It's what it is. It's just good and evil, that's it.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:53:12
Yeah, yeah, it is. It's such as life. It's it's just

Joseph Guzel  13:53:15
life is like that. It's that God's real, everything's what it is. And so I

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:53:24
Okay, so let me get back to the time November. Where

Joseph Guzel  13:53:28
are we at after that?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:53:30
Okay, so then we get into, we begin to get into backup plans. Okay, so we're like, November 14, yeah. Like, I can take you up until the eighth in a lot of in with a couple stage gates, because, again, we're now entering this blur mode that really went from being notified, having that breakfast with McLean and then running it going like, we've got six weeks to figure out how to get this round closed. Or we have, like, that's bad, right? So I I I work pretty closely with Hannah Gray, right? They make themselves super available to help. And they're like, we'll take it on. Just send us the docs, and we'll, like, just do what you had with Joe, and we'll just be the ones that help consummate it, right? Like we can help sign it.

Joseph Guzel  13:54:21
What does he say he needs to do with so. Who needs to do what with me? Why am I? Why am I involved? If? If, if so, if November 14, you have the breakfast. 12th was McClain call he's on a plane. 11th, Maxime, fourth. What November 4 was the last comment on this? Docs. I. That where

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:54:42
no no, just December 4 was when you proposed the safe, as opposed to

Joseph Guzel  13:54:49
the did I propose a safe on December 4 over email? Yeah, okay.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:54:53
On December 4 over email, you sent a note to me and Seth from Cooley laying out a plan to change from a price financing to a new safe structure accompanied by an MRL.

Joseph Guzel  13:55:04
So it must have been. It must have been either. And then sometime between the fourth and Christmas it was, it was Ron Suber. And then upper I had calls with upper 90 and stuff in December. Okay, yeah, did you know about any of those?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:55:24
I don't recall. I mean, we did. We were talking to upper 90. They reached out to me about this situation because they've been waiting on the round to close right, like we've had a lot that's triggered off this financing concept. I have

Joseph Guzel  13:55:36
incredibly personal relationship with Ron, and then I had met when was your last board meeting in person before this, the

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:55:45
February one. We did one in December.

Joseph Guzel  13:55:47
There was a December one, and I wasn't there, correct and but at that time, did you guys think I was going to be on that thing?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:55:56
We didn't know. We didn't know. Because the you have to remember that the what I thought was happening, yeah, was in effect, you were, you had, you had, can engaged in criminal activity. So you guys were like, Sam's like, excommunicated, no contact. If he shows up to the board meeting, we just go. We actually have nothing to discuss today. We're gonna call it a break. Like everyone was like, protect Matt, right. Not to make me the thing, but it was like,

Joseph Guzel  13:56:25
makes me think a lot higher of your board members, for what it's worth, that's good. They did good,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:56:29
yeah, yeah. And they were like, just don't communicate with him, if you like, in order for him to get these docs done, communicate over email that will

Joseph Guzel  13:56:35
coach twice. So, so, so let's focus on that. No, that's been that's the situation so that right there this administrative process. Notice, I wasn't surprised that McLean said any of those things about me. This is not the first instance of this. This has been his This is he's doing things. Obviously, I'm getting attacked. He's doing them right now. With with, I want us to really focus on that administrative process. What he said I can do and I can't do, and how, and that blur of gaslighting is where we need to stay for a while, if you don't mind, yeah, walk me through as best as you can, Matt please. After the 14th of the breakfast on the 14th, the last thing you said was, he's talking. He's really selling in person, and he's selling it on the phone. He's selling it on person that I'm that I'm so screwed up. Blah, blah, now,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  13:57:44
and the criminal activity is really the big thing again. Like, let me ask you, why. Like, even, even the behavioral stuff that he was making claims around, which is like, please. Well, that was just more like, hey, Joe's erratic behavior, you asked along the worst things right about me. Like, so, so let me hold on, yeah, let me tell you what Joey said. Joey's always eloquent with this stuff. We left that breakfast and and Joey goes, so McLean just wants to gossip, right? Like there was a lot of that. The thing that, the thing that Joey and I were most focused on, is the scope of the fraud. Like that was what we that's the thing that got me. That was the big red button, right? Was McClain. McClain was making a very clear claim that you had engaged in fraud and forgery, and the mechanism in which you engaged in that was by removing the health insurance from his family. That was an Ezra or whatever patient, the only way you could have done that is by, let me just explain what he said. The only way you could have done that is by forging a life event and sending that to the insurer to pull me or sending that to the PEO to pull me off of the plan. So I'm confident that Joe fabricated and forged documents that pulled me off of the plan. And then secondarily, you were misusing. You're misappropriating and conducting in fraud by putting personal expenses through your management company. And I don't know the structure, and you know, again, like, I'm like, All I heard was that there are claims of these two behaviors. Again, like, I'm trying to paint a picture of, like, a pile of things, right? Like, I wonder, I want it. There's a pile of things. Give me, give me. Give me. There was even, there was even a claim that you had made violent threats against individuals. Was to the point that there were security investigations. Oh, that was what he that. I forgot about that part. So I told you that when he called me, he was like, I hired, I had to hire security due to the Joe risk. And then on at the breakfast, he was like, I can tell you some more details about the the security risk, and the security risk is that Joe at a conference in New York made a threatening comment, or he'd know Joe sent a Joe sent a text message to McLean and McLean's wife that made a that was a death threat to a partner at another fund, and they reported to the New York Police Department. I forgot about this. I can't believe I forgot about this. He was like, there's now an active investigation in from the NYPD investigating Joe Guzel because of a credible death threat the NYPD. Can you imagine how this is making me feel? I'm fucking freaking out at this point, man. So that was the board protocol. Was isolate, restrict communication. The only goal that we have as a company. Again, it's kind of like, even with this stuff happening, we have real business needs that we need to figure out.

Joseph Guzel  14:01:04
Yeah, it's, I, you board did excellent.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:01:08
Yeah, the board's awesome, like, and I have to say, it was really, I'm really impressed with them, Kate and Sam especially, very, very Yeah, it's, yeah, Max seems good. Maxine was very, very helpful.

Joseph Guzel  14:01:19
Now I understand, now I understand where the position now? I now I, I know I wasn't wrong about Maxine. I figured he was getting played. I knew all this happened, by the way, I'm sure you did. You know I since I'm sincere, it's this is what I've been dealing with for since basically September, after signing the thing that was supposed to end this, which I realized was a trap, I fell into. The binding operating protocol was designed to trap me for this, and I fell right into it. Coercive control is a hell of a thing, and when you have PTSD from being a fucking refugee, you kind of and, you know, you get your life is hard, and then you kind of forget to deal with that, and then you kind of sleepwalk into these things. Same problem I have with my mom, I have with McLean. It's really good. So I saw Maxime at money 2020, did he mention that to you? No, this is, this is the the thing to don't trust implicitly. Yet with Maxine, that's why I don't. Nobody will know we talked, except for my lawyers, because we're on, I'm close to being on the other side of this, but I have to figure out the move that I need to make next to end it actually is not intuitive, because it's not a you're not Dealing with a somebody he doesn't want this to end. It can tell it's, what if it ends? What does he have?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:03:11
Yeah, and this is the thing I don't even it's hard for me to understand what game is being played. It's, it's, but it's, it's, so he's

Joseph Guzel  14:03:21
essential for him. I think it's,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:03:23
yeah, I think it's, it's dark and weird. I know that much. So let me, let me zoom you through kind of like, how what's happened, right? Okay, so

Joseph Guzel  14:03:34
November, so in that 14th sense,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:03:36
okay, so before the 14th, the next major event, right at this point, I'm like, trying to understand, Okay, well, let me take a step back, like we know the playing cards that we have at cast around our governance structure, right, and what moves I can make and that. So that's what I'm spending my time doing after this November 14 situation is, I have two problems right now, which is, I need cash. I'm running the risk of losing a $300,000 commitment, plus the 600k that I'm expecting from Haven. So that's a 900k swing. That's a severe amount of operating cash for us at the stage that we're at right it moves my raised timelines. And when I'm going to run into covenants with upper 90,

Joseph Guzel  14:04:22
nobody knows more about your fucking race timelines than me do? Yeah, I'm just telling you weren't supposed to raise till last fall, but we have the shitty debt terms.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:04:32
So I'm walking you through my mindset, right? Like I have cash dwindling. I have these sellers notes do? I've got other money that's been invested that. I want to get in. So we're just going through, like, what the fuck can we actually do? Right? And, like, with Cooley, what are our options? And it's like, well, the most straightforward option is the Joe just signs the deal that we have on the table, right? Like, because the question from Cooley is, like, Is there a problem, right? Like, what's been proposed, and it's like, no, there's no problem with what's been proposed. Like, I'm confident in that. I'm confident in the documents.

Joseph Guzel  14:05:15
There was a problem with what's been Yeah, but,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:05:21
but it was, we were comfortable, right? It wasn't like this was a new round where we hadn't discussed terms. We didn't know who were, who's going to come in, where you only do

Joseph Guzel  14:05:30
this financing if it's with somebody like me, that's an insider and stuff. I get all that, but there, but to be crystal clear, why I didn't go chase you. Why didn't Joe Chase Matt in on November after November 4,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:05:49
I'm sure your hands were tied. I don't even know what you're dealing well, I'm feeling

Joseph Guzel  14:05:57
so so it's so to spare you all the details. It was because it didn't seem like I couldn't I couldn't gage what was going on with you. Only thing I knew for sure, for sure, was you were pissed at me, finally, for the first time ever, because your patients had run thin and you're under a lot of stress, and correct you and I had spoken in August about doing this thing. I came in to solve the problem for you, right? And have I ever said anything that I can do that I can't do?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:06:32
No, you always do it. Sometimes your timelines are spiky, admittedly, but like, like, I said, like, I know how you work. I'm comfortable with you. Like, I don't have a problem with that. Like, your time now, stuff, stuff got really, really pinned up at the end of the year, right? Like, we the first on cap note I sent to you guys was in May, right? Like, there's been a lot that's been hanging out there for a long time related

Joseph Guzel  14:07:00
to this fine. I thought, well, I thought I signed. So here's so let's reconcile your capital for a second. And so just from like, both of our perspectives, is what was happening when there's this and how, because we both had a mess, we were both dealing with messes. You bought a mess. I was was I had built a mess here. Tough time this guy. Yep, right? Because, because. And again, I have no pride. You know that. I'm just telling you the facts now, because Haven is almost invested out you were part of that plan. Are part of that plan? Obviously, there's, here's where the fund is at right? We may 5 dispute hostile takeover attempt that you're well aware of. And I was running the business from my Gmail as we were undergoing mediation sessions that McLean incited. I didn't even plan the mediation sessions. He forced it in, and by bringing in Liam specifically from cannonball, most of my LPS don't even know about May 5. They just think Haven seems to be doing well on the financials. But, man, I haven't heard from Joe. What the fuck is going on over there? Because I didn't want to expose them. I didn't know what, yeah, well, yeah, you don't why? Well, I What, like, what is it, right? Like, what is this? What happened?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:08:09
That's the weirdest. That's the way, like, It's unexplainable.

Joseph Guzel  14:08:13
It's just gaslighting. Right? Now, here's the brass tax of the portfolio. Is I did, like, literally, every single thing is my attribution. I did every single transaction, every single thing I sourced, every single deal, I processed every single Doc, I put every single thing in the data room. There's no employees here. There's never been a w2 employee at Haven ventures. We don't have anybody. It's only been me. McLean's only been like, you know,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:08:40
on the phone, yeah. I mean, listen, I'm a founder. I know

Joseph Guzel  14:08:43
No, well, it's, I don't have a firm dude. It's just one guy doing stuff. It's no different than when it was in 2021, for me, or, sorry, in 20 like, it's like covid. It was like covid up until I got this office, no employees, no secretary, no nothing. I don't have a business. I had a fund, correct? Now,

Joseph Guzel  14:09:05
signed the binding operating protocol that's supposed to end everything. It never was going to. It was a trap right now. We on in July, come back, start picking up the pieces of the business, try to figure out. Because the challenge for me, aside from getting through that and the character assassination, was everywhere. Everywhere. Everyone heard that Joe is a piece of shit, and everybody has since started coming around. You came around quite quickly. Because prove it like, what's the what have I done now? Yeah, it's very unfair. Well, of course it is. But, I mean, that's another that's the understatement of the century. It's all my fault, Matt, because i Why did I partner with this person and not protect myself and through me, you and all of you? I imagine Hamza, everything with JP, Morgan and crosslink, very much involved last time, and I'm sensing very much involved this time, as well, as of as of, literally, yesterday. That's why this is so timely, because another move is happening right now, and so I'm going to end it now, at that point, if you remember, we did two, I did two additional wires in when we were acquiring 10th those in, like, February, right? February, March was the time when, what happened then, right? He told you. JP Morgan, conference, etc. JP, Morgan's on my board now with Hanzel. It's that business with with cast is gonna fucking crush now. There's good things on the horizon here. So we had, yeah, February, March last year was the first time that he stole my email access. It was one day. It was when I was trying to hire rithwick To scale the business, and so it could tee up for fun too. And obviously, right now, he had had isolated discussions. It turned out over months with Eric Chen, Brett Brewer from crosscut ventures, my mentor, Brandon deer, my best man in my wedding, CEO of UiPath will co field from Riot ventures, Michael Tavi, Brandon from amplitude and John Klein, right, all of my protectors, you know, the guys who are kind of like my big brothers, also very, very interesting, isolated conversations where it was Joe has been abusing drugs and going through this, this or that and the other thing, and we're Gonna, and me and his wife were coordinating an intervention. No shit, yeah. And so he was attempting to stage an intervention to overwhelm me, to get me to step down and take time off so he could usurp control. At that time, crosslink was a and my wife and I stepped in. Were like, my wife was like, What the fuck. I didn't see it, obviously, right? And that was all on trying to hire rhythmic. It was because I was trying to, it was because I was trying to do business, right?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:12:36
He was in. That was in, like, February,

Joseph Guzel  14:12:39
March, now, now, now, a big thing that he likes to claim is that I don't get his approval on he'll say, Joe does things unilaterally. What he doesn't say is, I don't approve anything. So everything has been and I've since done forensics. Thank God for AI, huh? Everything looking back on it, because I've had to make sense of it to get my fucking sanity back in my piece is, is he? He actually, I have the math has, like, vetoed, almost literally, everything, big, small, little, whatever. He has always vetoed it. I've done every single investment I constructed, the entire portfolio. There wasn't other investments to choose from. It was everything that I did. We did, and I did it everything, like cast or whatever, big, small, whether it was like, you know, core, non core, and I was confused. Well, what happened was, because he was effectively like an associate at crosslink. And that's not to diminish him. I'm just telling the truth about the role. I made him seem bigger than he was, to make Haven look bigger than it was, for stability, for confidence with founders, it's not it's just business. You're trying to sell your startup, of course, and in doing so, gave him credibility, to be able to gaslight further, was what I didn't realize. And now I always expected to do what I did in fund one, because he had no investing experience. The plan was for him to learn in a safe space, kind of like what he was trying to do with crosslink. And then by fund two, he can start to get his sea legs, and he can be the operating guy, and then graduate, and I didn't want to do operations so that, yeah, that happened, and then we thwarted it. He and then he from there. Then it was the May 5 thing. And in that time in between, I. Cooley, Dave Young and Thomas King from Fenwick, who had learned about this, were viciously they were on me, like, you have to go get a lawyer. You have to go get a lawyer. And they were just sending me the meanest Trial Lawyer type guys. I never hired. I never been sued for anything in my life, and, by the way, still haven't. There's no lawsuits. This is just all bullshit, right? And, and I was, and I didn't want to see it, right? Because it's, it's, you know, I haven't. I put my whole life in here, literally, my life, my equity, my money. I took the sacrifice and I made it work, right? And it's all me and it's not him. Now, at that point, I was like, I got to figure out how to get away from McLean. And he knew, after he took that shot last fab March, and he was because that was insidious, that was, that was such a fucking disgusting thing inhumane to do to somebody. I can't think of anything lower, actually, that's pretty bad. It's pretty it's, I think it's the worst possible thing that I could think of to do somebody where you take the people that they love, that you earned their trust and their love and their devotion, that you've been through hard times, bad times. You isolate those people psychologically and systematically. You convince them, you lie to them, and you tell them that their friend or and in some cases, someone who they look at me like. It's people that looked at me like I was their son and people that looked at me like I was their brother, specifically guys like John, are all those guys with that demeanor or their golden retrievers, right? And of course, they're going to step in to try to help. And why wouldn't they give McLean the benefit of the doubt, because Joe is Joe, and if Joe chose to work with McLean, then McLean must be a pretty solid guy, right?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:16:52
Yes, precisely. He's your partner,

Joseph Guzel  14:16:55
yeah, and Joe would only partner with somebody 5050, if, because Joe knows what he's doing,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:17:02
correct? Which is where McLean gets all the

Joseph Guzel  14:17:04
credibility, where he gets all the credibility, right? So fast, that's all this. Is Matt, it's okay. I love man. I love that God put me in your life, you in my life, and vice versa. Like I haven't felt this good in a while just hearing this, it's, it's, it's, you know, it's all right. Anyways, May 5, July, I come back the way you felt about, like, existential with Cass, like, of course, like with me, it's, it's so defeating. I built something good. So why? Why? Why is this happening? You know, it's in just removing light and the joy from it. It's good. It's, I did good here. Like, I did unbelievably well.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:18:05
I got 20% you, yeah, you got a great portfolio. Man, you need to build something real

Joseph Guzel  14:18:12
businesses with folks, and I match the founders like I got it was, No, you did the real work. I'm a fucking

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:18:21
like, I think I want to add a little bit of color here, which is, this makes a lot more sense, because I've seen you operate at full capacity, which was my experience with you in 2024 and I know what that looks like, and I I've seen what it looks like this year, right? Or in 2025 I should say. And I do think that's the big difference, right? Like, I think this does help a lot, because it wasn't the the way that you were showing up, wasn't the way that you typically show up, right? Like it was. There were periods where it was very hard to get in touch with you, and I understand why now, right? And then there were periods where stuff wasn't moving that I thought should be moving, and I understand why. And then I see these two very because I now have a pattern, right, like it was, it's taken me a little bit of time, because the second time with McLean was so severe and scary compared to the first time, you have to up it. But it, yeah, exactly like it was way, way, way higher, but, but it was the same pattern, which was, Everything's fucked, I'm now in control. I sign everything, and then nothing happens. Yeah, and then we're the ones that are left standing there holding the bag, like, where's our lead investor? Yeah, right. Like, we can't move right now. And so I'm sorry, because I think. Hearing about that intervention ploy is really despicable, disgusting. It's disgusting low life behavior. Yeah, now it makes sense, because that to me was when you heroed. You did he and I give you a ton of credit for it. You heroed, helping us get the deal across the finish line. And then it was like, after that, things began to change, right? And now I understand why I didn't know any of that, right? The Rubicon? Yeah, it's crazy. In February,

Joseph Guzel  14:20:17
March, he crossed the proverbial Rubicon like Julius Caesar, yeah.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:20:25
It's never the same after that.

Joseph Guzel  14:20:27
And so i That's why I think that this is steeped in some kind of sadness, because this was, this is McLean's I didn't realize this until recently. This is McLean's first actual career. He's never really had a career at all, and because of his the nature of his life and stuff, and it's not fair that you know, you don't choose what you're born into. I certainly have seen I much take what I had over him. It's what it's, it's folks always like, when, when they hear my life story, they're like, Oh man, they they're like, that must have been really hard. So he actually was really fun. It was fun because it was fair, right? And nobody's doing things like this when you're just surviving together. It's, like a community, and so which is why, you know, I get these bonds with the founders, and why I'm good at doing venture the way I do it is because I know that me and you doing three El Pollo locos, or me and you starting Google at this stage, it's all the same. Hard. It feels the same. It literally feels the same. So I know how to box that up and navigate it probably better than anybody. So when each time got escalated further, but nothing has happened now. Now, why didn't I just about face and destroy him? This is the thing that you that if you understand this, you'll understand that cast is going to be just fine. Okay, very fine. McLean emailed me with settlement terms for a dispute that I didn't start that I thought we'd settled last year with a binding contract that we signed. You know

Joseph Guzel  14:22:32
that number one priority on his settlement list is to get cast done, because, then, if, because, naturally, then it becomes, well, what about the fact that I don't have health insurance and I have a baby coming. All my credit cards are maxed out because he took over the bank accounts and locked me out and, and, oh, I have like, $100,000 on our company, Amex, that are operating expenses and stuff from the expense policies that I set back in 2021 that I took from crosslink, that I was a partner at and whatever. So like, I'm, you know, and but if then with you, it would become, well, look at Joe blocking this and making it difficult that Matt, that cast doesn't get done. He so that I use you as it'll be perceived that I'm using you as leverage. Yes, that

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:23:24
is exactly what I've determined, is that McLean is using me as a pawn in whatever weird agenda that McLean has, which I again, I don't pause it to understand the weird game that he's playing, because he isn't driven by the same things that everything he said guys like us are driven by, right? Which is excellent financial

Joseph Guzel  14:23:44
so look, I've talked to plenty of people, like medical people, about this, and let's be honest, gone down every Jordan Peterson rabbit hole I could possibly find. Oh, he's, he's the world's renowned expert on narcissism. That's nobody really knows that about Jordan, but he is. And so his content is incredible when it's about that like to understand what you're dealing with. And he's very aggressive in that content, which is because it turns out he's a malignant narcissist, McLean, potentially a psychopath, probably a psychopath. And narcissists like for somebody like me, who I had quite a few of them in my life that I've since expunged and I've learned to deal with, I never at work in the same way, but you when you have trauma from. Um, that's PTSD. That causes you to be more empathetic. You have trouble perceiving boundaries. Not setting a boundary. Is just like self respect, right? And when you get raised in an environment like I did, where it was survival and kids raising kids effectively, which is why I can navigate startups pretty well, I guess, is you're, you're You're conditioned to put yourself second as the least common denominator, and in ways that in other aspects of your life, you don't right when you're when you're dealing with stuff. I don't have the issue setting boundaries with like smart people or like people would work because the nature of the construct of the business. I actually think there's no other job I could have done than this and have been successful, and that's why I've been so successful at it is because the very nature of our relationship. It starts semi professional, personal, it becomes unbelievably formal with the consummation of those legal documents, and the very nature of those closing docs say, What, Matt, they say, these are your powers. These are my powers. These are the boundaries. It protects me from my deficiencies by the very nature of its existence. And then that's why I can do it right so I can You can blindly trust or you can ignore the signs, because the construct at the end of the day protects you. And here is the shining example of it. I'm sitting on the phone with you right now, and I'm still your board director, and there's nothing anybody could have done to remove me, right? Otherwise, right? Yeah.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:26:22
I mean, we exactly like, we view it the same way, like we have a system works, yeah, exactly like, and that's why like we we want to see like Anna, great, just read the round, create a new class of stock. We can't do that. Yeah, that's not what's in our opera. That's not what's in our charter, right? We have a way of operating, and we have a business relationships with Haven ventures, and we have an appointee from Haven ventures, that is Joe, and we do things by the book right, which is why, especially in this context, it's been impossible to do anything, and we're not going to do anything because we we don't have things to do.

Joseph Guzel  14:26:58
Operational incapacitation leads to pressure,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:27:02
exactly, and that's how I that's how I realized that I'm being used. And in fact, the worst thing that I did now, looking back at the moment, I was applying a ton of pressure to McLean around. We had to hit this timeline because I have debt coming due, and I fixed that. But it was a lot of pressure. How'd you Fix The Debt? Oh, sorry, I gave him. I gave Hellen and Joseph be a bonus, and reworked the debt to be paid back piecemeal over time instead of one big chunk. So I paid him off.

Joseph Guzel  14:27:36
So now that means the 600k can be equity capital, correct? Pluck, yeah. Smart, yep.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:27:42
Better. We're paying them back at 30k a month. So, like, it consumes a little but it completely changes our equity, the effectiveness of an equity dollar.

Joseph Guzel  14:27:50
Well, I just know that my plan is to get you a million and a half dollars.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:27:56
That would be really appreciated, because I'll tell you what we're working on. And when

Joseph Guzel  14:28:00
you get off the phone, when you get off the phone, when you get off the phone. Just know that. But we need

Speaker 1  14:28:10
the do some business cherry blossom boys coming through.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:28:18
Like, we're gonna fucking build it. I think we're gonna build a fucking monster here. Like, I feel really good about where we're going right now. And that's the honestly, Joe, the

Joseph Guzel  14:28:28
right one. Everybody else already failed and all the stuff. Look at how they all tried calling that application later, too early, huh? Exactly.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:28:35
The application layer starts right now. Mother, it is like, literally in the past nine weeks, Joe, we see the application layer. My Lead Engineer came to me and said, Here's how we build a GL.

Joseph Guzel  14:28:49
It's unbelievable. Can you imagine? Can you imagine if just in like, like, if it was even six months ago, and you see how fast it moved this time? Correct would have been totally wrong. Where we thought that the we thought that the the competitive moat was going to be the integrative data lock in, and then claw bot, and everything comes out. It's like, you're, it's like even we, I know

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:29:13
it's like something again, like you have these Genius

Joseph Guzel  14:29:18
system of record. Was the thing we were right about.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:29:22
It's the system of record. Yeah, the firm is the system

Joseph Guzel  14:29:26
of record. And then minting the new accountants, they will be the application later. Settlement is the application layer in banking, I learned, and now we're building that with JP Morgan and I know for a fact now money market accounts are the new checking account. Why do I know that? Because Homs is. Building it. There'll be $100 million here pretty soon. I was just skiing in Aspen last week with the JP Morgan people and everybody. But, oh yeah, I'm a friend.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:29:49
I believe it. No. I mean, that's what, that's why everything is. What I realized is how good at manipulation McLean is right? Because he's incredible at it. He like there are these things that we all know to be true about Joe, and that nobody would question. Is Joe a talented investor, of course, right? Does Joe see the future? Of course, right? What McLean does is he takes certain behaviors of yours and then he pulls them out that everyone can agree. Oh yeah, Joe is long winded, for instance, and you are and no offense, I've told you that, right? But I like listening, and I keep saying, I'll tell everybody, there are gold in those hills. Listen to Joe. You're going to learn an incredible amount, because I'm experiencing this application layer thing as we speak. Like it was literally nine weeks ago in December, the model takeoff. And we were like, holy shit, this whole accounting firm is going to compress into a software layer, and then we're going to build an organic distribution.

Joseph Guzel  14:30:49
Why do you think? Why do you think I'm calling the rebrand context?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:30:54
It's brilliant, right? And it's perfect for the moment, and I'll show you our context engine at some point. It's crazy. So context

Joseph Guzel  14:31:01
is the software layer, correct? Correct and context at zero latency is what wins. So if everything's read right and context correct is the equivalent of pre programmed in the box, CD, yep, correct, then the delivery of the context is the software that the business creates, the way that they ingest it and use it is their prerogative, correct. And the multimodal nature for which you can deliver the context at that zero latency, any kind of context at any kind of zero latency is everything that it's literally is the difference between you being a software company and not. Is whether you software companies are. Software is defined by that, and being able to do that, if it cannot do that, then it is not software. Is what I think is happening having the system of record in doing that means your full stack, correct? And that's being an application layer with the with the absence of the software layer, with the absence, with the absence of manufacturing the system of record out of something that wasn't a previous system of record. That's the fucking head fuck with it is before we would go find the context was buried in the the the architecture for which you would develop a solution to a pain point for a customer set the system of record became a necessity. It was perceived to be and used as a necessary, necessary form factor to deliver the latency and the needed and the and the data needed which the contacts being buried in said data to deliver that four walled experience, whatever it may be on top of whatever it would be, the cloud providers became the system of record. Yeah, right. But what is a cloud? It's not it's not a fucking it's just a bunch of internet pointed in one direction, World Wide Web, nice and loose, scary spider in a tree trunk with a dense ass cloud that you can stand on, and then the fragmentation of that. If you follow the arc of the llms with the compute story of the last year and a half where it was, it's all thermodynamics, right? It's, it turns out, that's what it is. And it's just, it's their energy companies. They're energy companies, that's all this is, we're in the oil business, baby and so and so, as as as they have, went from like, every component of a computer became important at scale in a weird way, where it was like, the Okay, the chip layer, for the motherboard layer. That was like, those are chips motherboards. And then it was like, and then suddenly it was like, Oh, they care about the ram in the computer right now. That's the and then on and on. And now we have the computer built, which is AI is a different computer. It's not the same fucking computer, like this one or your phone. It's a different computer. So yes, where we're at in the arc is we're somewhere in like the gateway computer. We're somewhere between Windows 95 and Gateway computer, first gateway computer store opening, and that's us, you. We have to own the system of record. It's otherwise it's going to be like being retail without having a location. Right?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:34:42
That's exactly it. I cannot. That is really well said, because the Qbo is gonna fuck us right in the ass. And if we don't own the SOR, we cannot deliver the integrated value in the same way. It's that severe. I was jumping into

Joseph Guzel  14:35:00
it, yeah, a week ago, two weeks ago, for a corp dev reunion in the in the building, in Mountain View, with everybody. And they everything I said in 2024 everything, I was surmising. I was like, I don't think QuickBooks is grown. It's fun. I was fucking right. And these are the guys that buy the companies, and we're all friends, though, I'm at the fucking union, and they're like, it's not growing, like we have to solve our QuickBooks problem. I was like, ah, Matt, pick up the phone.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:35:37
It's all there, man, it's, it's, it's crazy right now. And I can show you the prototype

Joseph Guzel  14:35:44
answer, this answer, this question for me, because I'm trying to reconcile where the world was to now, now, and what about the team to fucking do it? Context is I think, I think you guys are so perfect for this too, because delivering the feature before what you guys were the best of features, it is the context. Later. Features are context.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:36:05
Features are context, and it's all about, it's going to be about the way that you assemble and utilize context. It all becomes process power, basically, right? Like, I think that's kind of where it goes, which is,

Joseph Guzel  14:36:20
like, the stupid say more about process power. I haven't,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:36:25
like you ever read seven powers that. Like that book. It's a great read. It's on like, the kind of seven defensible aspects that you can have in a business. What are the seven Moats? And one that they talk a lot about is process power. And process power is like most typically going to be Toyota, right? So there are certain organ it's hard to do right? It's hard to build process power as an actual moat. But when done correctly, it's about the way that you assemble the components in the value chain that makes it nearly impossible to compete with you, and the way that we do that, right? Is what we're talking about. If you think about how value is delivered today for this space, you have 100% bar which is the job to be done. And we can talk about how the job to be done is 10x bigger, but the job to be done 20% software, 80% services for small and mid market accounting, right? The value chain is about to flip. We all see it coming. I think it was. I think it became possible nine weeks ago. I think it's going to be exceedingly possible over the next five years, the 80% software, 20% services. The problem is, most players in this land aren't going they're going to stick to the old modals, right? Puzzle is going to build QBO, but agent to QBO, the problem is going to be, how does that innovation get to the market? Which is what we know it doesn't get to the market because SMBs don't sign up for puzzle online. It gets to market through the trusted advisor, right? It's, it's the accountant, right? It's the it's the person that knows you're having the affair, right? It's your most trusted ally.

Joseph Guzel  14:38:07
Look at you talking my fucking book. It's, it's the you're speaking your priest now, congratulations,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:38:13
yes, yes, and father. And why we feel so empowered right now is that you know this, the past 12 months of building technology, building on top of QBO has been brutal. They're so good at locking value out from developers that spent half our time building around QuickBooks now.

Joseph Guzel  14:38:30
So we made it there. Matt, right there. Remember you just said they're so good at locking developers out from the data set and stuff. Maybe you remember I mentioned I worked on the blue dot back, which is, I wonder if it's still a blue dot that was our QuickBooks Intuit connect, right? I was part of the early because this is a day the era of when the API started popping up. We didn't have API's before, as you know, right? And I told you, because we also, at the time we were doing that was the time we were going to the cloud. We thought our customers were vastly different. We thought they were so much bigger. We thought that they were 25 employees, a lot of them. No, it's zero to three. So are they actually shitty at blocking it out, or are they doing it out of desperation? They're, they're they're gaslighting, basically, they're doing it out of survival. How do you become a payroll business that big? Tell me there's two ways you. Hmm. How do you do it? You either sell payroll directly, like ADP, sure, yeah, ADP, they come to you for pay. You said, payroll, yep, payroll, yep, buy it. Or you sell the accounting system and then you attach payroll, attach Sure, 80% of global revenue at Intuit now, 100 billion dollar market cap company is payroll attached because there's nothing else to you can't do the payroll without the Attach. And you know this from the mid market world. Can you charge an infinite amount for a system of record? Infinite? No, no, so therefore is the cloud a system of record? No, there it is. You. You have a ceiling on what you can charge for your system of record, and you don't want to trap people from staying in your system of record. But and you cannot charge on a volume basis for a system of record. Can you otherwise? That's why it's a CRM, a system of record. No, they charge on a person per head basis. They try to make it volume, right? This is where this is, this is where it all comes undone. So, yes, intuitive anymore. They don't. They cannot allow you in. They will never allow you in. It's not hard, no, but they have to appear like they're in

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:41:11
correct and they're gonna, they're gonna get better and better at putting up these walls, and you saw from the HubSpot announcement today, all these or they're gonna, they're gonna start monitoring.

Joseph Guzel  14:41:21
They're gonna buy a lot of things. My other buddy, Brandon Greer, he just got the chief job as dev at HubSpot. I talked to him about this as well. Everyone agrees with you, but this is what they this is two week old information I'm giving you in the walls of Intuit, physically in Mountain View, with the corp dev team, with the guys we came they came from all over. What a fucking cool thing that I got to be a part of right now. Their prerogative right now is to buy a system of record accounting firms. Every database is a ledger. That was the my that was the thing with Hamza too. I was like, every gRPC database, it looks like it's just a debit and a credit. Ah, it's literally QuickBooks. It's like, okay, so which layers do we get? And now it's mainframe, and then Hamza, and then context, yeah, there it is. So it's still the same problem in my mind, which is, do you buy more firms to build the system of record that way? Or it doesn't matter anymore, because we so no,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:42:31
I think so. Here's where I'm at. There's two things that are happening. I'll show you what I prepared for the board meetings. We had a discussion around this, and

Joseph Guzel  14:42:40
say something back on your process thing, yeah, yeah. It sounds when you're, when you're walking through that, I'm like, Yeah, Johnson, I think about your Johnson Johnson days and your go spot check days, is that six sigma? Yeah?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:42:55
Like, Six Sigma is an implementation of a process power, yeah, typically like to get a true, defensible process power. You're, doing a lot like Walmart supply chain, a good process power, where Six Sigma is a component of that, but you're really thinking end to end of the process power to deliver a differentiated customer experience. So Toyota delivers highly reliable, highly affordable cars because of their process power. Walmart delivers highly affordable consumer goods. Every shelf is in stock because of the process power everything. So, yeah. So, yeah, it's pretty cool. But here's what's happening. So something, but

Joseph Guzel  14:43:29
is process power the way, is it latency? So time and distance from system of record to delivering context and context is clearing and settling.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:43:39
I think it's a couple things. I think it's, it's, it's first off actually being, really, understanding the component steps, and understanding where the very Six Sigma E, where are the bottlenecks, right? And how might we rearrange components of this value chain in different ways, like it starts at that level of grain, and then it builds up from there, right? And that's where I mean Nintendo is actually really the interesting example too, because you're a take, take dated technology, but find creative ways to clip it together so we can deliver entertaining games. But they're not, it's not gonna be Halo, right? Because they're running all on dated technology years.

Joseph Guzel  14:44:17
So, so you weren't working in tech yet, but like I was, I might be the last fucking dude on Earth who's, who's. I'm, like, the oldest millennial and and there is, I worked on CD ROM man. And so in all those guys, all those guys like Sasan, the CEO of Intuit stuff, they all had six sigma on their resumes, because they all came. From GE or Honeywell or whatever, and the RDP program is built off, geez, FMP now is what is kind of happening esoterically, just that we need to do what happened, what they did with CD ROM, because if you think of when it was in a box, and so technically, context is delivered and you don't.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:45:06
So let me say this, like, here's maybe a here's my mental model right now that I'm thinking about it with, which is it context is right? Like, you're right on the money, that's the thing. The context traditionally has only existed in human heads, right? Like, machines weren't structured to deal with context. Well, right? Like, best case you're talking about, like, you're literally, like, doing the metadata on relational databases. That was like, kind of how you got to context. Context, you know, is much more associative and it's much more predictive. It's what llms are really good at consuming and utilizing. So the question becomes, like, what's the how do we think about what comps are for what really good context looks like. And the best example is like, if you had the most talented CFO in the world, how would they construct the steps and processes and review protocols and policies for your full finance department? And the old way of getting that done is you have somebody really, really, really really, really smart at the top, and then they'd hire people that are slightly diluted versions of themselves, who then hire people who are slightly diluted versions of themselves, and then they use a consistent system of record to do their best at storing information that holds as much context on the company. Now what you can do is you can take exactly what is in that brilliant person's brain and cause it to repeat, 24/7, with zero latency across every interaction for your organization, right? So that's the mental model where the context advantages and process power will come from, is taking where the rubber meets the road on reality, because the llms are fine at general ledgers. Everyone knows how General Ledger works. What the hard part is understanding for a $5 million company that is in professional services and builds their customers in this way and pays their invoices in that way and has this underlying data structure, what is the best way to apply an autonomous accounting system that will sufficiently solve that issue end to end, to deliver the predictable result at the desired quality what the only way to get that done today is through human thought. Where that is moving is into context. Clouds right into this idea that you're going to be able to assemble that reasoning logic you're through a series of series of steps.

Joseph Guzel  14:47:28
I just coined that it's That's a fucking That's a hit,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:47:36
because I'm seeing it right now, because I'm building, I said, Joe, I said, three weeks ago, I'm going to build a system to automate cast internal accounting. I'm going to build an agentic GL for myself. I've got it, I've got transactions, I've got reconciliations, I've got reports, I've got aI accountant reviews. I have an agent that updates a knowledge base, and that's where I see this context cloud. I'm like, oh, man, people think accounting or finance, and they think I'm classifying transactions. You know what it actually looks like? What's your rev, rec policy, all this stuff that was sitting up here in an expert's head, or, best case, in a schedule that's posted to box as a Word document, right? Are the things that you actually need to teach this context, agentic system to understand right? And once it has sufficient context, it runs autonomously. Are we

Joseph Guzel  14:48:30
very, very little intervention is the move to build VMware. It's a virtual virtual machine. What you have to do to capture the context cloud,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:48:44
potentially, I don't know. I think, I think it's a really good question. So right now, I'm like, so zoomed in. I'm like, Just forecast. What would it take to deliver this outcome autonomously? And now, like the engineers are worried, well, I'll tell you where we're at in a minute, but what this is allowing me to see is the bounds of what is possible and where you actually do have to have this you can't just, like, one shot at the clock, right? Like, where are these steps in these review elements? And then critically, where does this context come from? Right? Where does it live? Or where does it need to be input? Because sometimes it's input. And you know what is funny about this is that this new shape of work, which is delivering the value that sor plus an accounting firm would deliver, that is now delivered by technology. Guess what? It looks just like enterprise software, which is all of the work is in the initial config.

Unknown Speaker  14:49:42
Hmm, interesting, right? Because

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:49:44
transactions don't change all that much, right? Like, new stuff comes up in new stuff goes out. But like, once you understand the business model, how it generates its revenue, how it recognizes that revenue, the types of customers it has, how it sends out its invoices, how it settles those up, who their birch merchant batch processor is, right? How its employees are paid, which system is paying those employees? There's a stack of things that are actually, like really freaking long. But if you in the process of capturing and assembling that context cloud, the output of that is you have a system that, in real time, takes a transaction or an economic activity like sending an invoice and instantly decorates it, end to end with the full company context. God, once you have that,

Joseph Guzel  14:50:32
it's what we it's really at a loss for words, because it was very eerily similar to what we were trying to do with Intuit connect in 2010 1112, where we instinctually knew, and then we obviously laid out, and the whole business unit understood this, because our customers would tell us this every day, that invoices were, were The where the context is effectively and so we were, that's when, that's what led us down the analyzes to lay out the architecture for it to be like, how are, what is the behavior of these invoices that look a lot like markdown files, don't they

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:51:16
exactly right? That's all they are. And like all the context cloud is, really, is just a

Joseph Guzel  14:51:22
files, it's a triad file. It's just a JSON, a markdown and a read meme,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:51:26
yes, and to your point that the cost of creating that context in 2012 was so astronomical and so infeasible, the best you could do is slightly approximate it and then make it easier for the actual context holders to do their job. And I'm telling you it's nine weeks ago that is now accessible to machines and usable machines in a very different way.

Joseph Guzel  14:51:49
I've been doing it. You know this, the reason why I was able to get to this was like, through Hamza and in a bit with cast, because you were my because casted, it's that's why the two largest right, Hamza is mainframe at the top where God makes money and sends it down. You were here with the common man, right, correct? And send it up. And I was like, this is and cast will be the Hamza for my application layer thesis. Going forward, I'm going to build on my applications now. Fun too is just applications on top of cast. Was my plan, right? Whatever those look like, and whether they're context or whatever. But I was like, I did one consumer thing, sock. I was unequivocally correct about that. By the way, it turned out totally right to do that and but it was three years too early. The rest were all infrastructure, your infrastructure, and I think that's important for you to remember, by the way, you are an infrastructure business. So do infrastructure thing

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:52:49
exactly, yeah, that is the other thing that we've come to is like, Oh my God, we are finance infrastructure and yeah, what we will be will be the real time state financials accurate, 100% outdated, audit ready, tax optimized, available on demand via MCP to anything else that wants to access it.

Joseph Guzel  14:53:07
Or are we? Are we the it's or is the because, again, we're infrastructure. So our infrastructure today, from first principles, when you have infrastructure implemented at in let's say it's the infrastructure of Intuit is that infrastructure company, let's say that's servicing them, because everything repeats. Let's say it was Rackspace hosting or AWS, right? Were, are they actually the ones that are responsible for delivering that end TurboTax experience, or whatever? No, they're they that you don't think about it like that. But and even within the walls of the company building TurboTax, you're not thinking about that either. You're thinking ahead and you're delivering for what's ahead of you. So that's where the virtual machines example is one to for us to I think we got to dive down deep in it. What is it because? Because, if the ultimate example of this is Nvidia today, which do you know? What they do? They send around markdown files to people. They sell markdown files for a living. There's no fucking bus that shows up with a bunch of chips and hands it to guys, and then they plug them in. It's just triad files. What the fuck is that? That's the ultimate six sigma then, isn't it? Maybe that's six sigma out to singularity, is what that is, right? Because they're, they're, they're making energy, and that is a barrel of oil, of crude oil, not gasoline. Yeah, right. And so where are we in that process of refinement?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:54:42
Yeah and, and, yeah, and it's kind of a combination of where are we at the in the process, in which domain are we trying to own the most, and which ICP customer segment it's the integrity across all maybe, which we've been very

Joseph Guzel  14:54:59
maybe consistent. You were the cloud provider when you were started going down the NetSuite route. Here is, isn't it funny, how we went from like, the H and R Block route up instinctually, because you guys were approaching it from first principles, and when you were going down that route at the time, I was like, I more went to like, like my traditional VC hat. I was like, Matt, is gonna this business is gonna iterate away from whatever we decided to do. It's already done that 17 times, right? That's how, that's how it goes. And perhaps that. And at that time, it became clear that system records were in question, and yada yada, what is a mainframe? And so then I started to question. I was like, Maybe I'm wrong about what distribution is I and I maybe it was never about accountants making more accountants to do accounting. Because what is that really about? The accountant is about the trust layer. It's about the context layer. It was never about him being a good accountant or her being a good accountant. So how do we get their heads in? How do you get the edge case data, back to the Samsara example, even that we talked about 24 the 10% of nuanced data sets that make a or the 20% of nuanced data sets which we didn't know context back then, we didn't talk like this when we met, right? So it's the 20% of context. How do we capture the 20% of nuanced context that in a world of good enough, zero latency, AI context general, makes a contextualized experience. What would be the next level from my vocabulary is reaching its limits. What's the next that makes the good enough Excellent? And then owning that 20% is is a trillion dollar opportunity. Now, like, I'm actually serious, it's that big. It's a third of everything.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:56:56
Yeah, yeah. I think, I mean, I think there's gonna be many layers of, like customer value to expose. If we have this autonomous kind of GL engine, I think to your point, like the accountants are going to go away, they'll turn into machines. It's the trust. And what that is, is that is that

Joseph Guzel  14:57:14
advisory, right? Accounts were always advisors. It turns out we learned this now, because Exactly.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:57:19
But you know what the problem is, they were advisors, but their day to day was tying bank reconciliations, so they weren't actually ever able to fulfill the level of advisory work that's actually important, which is not as much reconciling. It's about the more finance capabilities.

Joseph Guzel  14:57:40
Piece was never so this is another thing to go down and like other calls, which is like, I question all of that. Now. I question all of it, because reconciliation, in its very nature, is like a highly contextualized thing. Like, it's like, what is the context behind this or this or that? Is all in that reconciliation. It's like with with, I

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:58:05
think what's interesting is, like reconciling our transactions, you see this, like stitching together of Well, number one, you see that, like auto reconciliation is right here, and that you're the thing that will change Joe, is that, that the question I keep asking is the world's greatest finance team, what do they deliver every month? And then there's an interesting study from PwC, what do the world's best companies spend as a percentage of revenue on finance? That's our pie, right? Like, that's the mental model is, that's the best case is that what's the world's best finance team do day in, day out, at the highest level of performance? Because we're going to offer that 24/7, day wants to buy that. And then thing to what is the value trade that makes the most sense against that outcome, right? And today, it's like, you know, point seven to 1% of revenue is the amount that is spent on a finance function at the most, PNL,

Joseph Guzel  14:58:58
if the so think about this mental model, if, if the mainframe is the the trust layer to the the bits, then within an organization, the three statement balance sheet. And I said that specifically, notice I didn't say the ledger. Notice I didn't say the spreadsheet. The very nature of the idea of a three statement balance sheet is the mainframe to the atoms. Wreck.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  14:59:42
So our mental model is that you have to say, what are those underlying primitives that allow you to get that core unit of value, right? That, like, underlying Lego brick, right? I guess

Joseph Guzel  14:59:53
everybody's in finance at a company, that's what I'm trying to say. Yeah, oh, 100% I mean the finance. So when you said like a percent of spend, right? What's happening? Yeah, but I think it's that's a trap, potentially, but

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  15:00:06
no, but I know. But I'm just telling you, the buyer perspective is always going to be especially for SMB, because what happens is there's a disproportionate tax on SMB. They pay much higher than 1% in finance. They're just thinking like they look at a P and L, and there's a row that says finance, right? And what is that value, and what is that percentage of revenue? The job is to compress that right. That will happen.

Joseph Guzel  15:00:28
Actually, I am fairly positive, because this is, I see this with you, and Pico, I'm seeing this. And in every set, you're all No, mostly you, in every set is going to do 12 million this year, up from one, right? And guess what I we're gonna do now, probably what you're gonna you guys are gonna get to, but for I'm able to brute force it there more and they're easier because, because, remember, they're just production. Is just a mid market business. Yeah, they have everything, blue collar, white collar. They have cranes. They have people doing accounting. They have 1099, employees. They have they sell food. It is a fucking circus of pretend, of just being a mundane mid market business for a while and spending 100% of the budget. Same behaviors, same fucking behaviors. We're cloud provider because context, everything goes back to single sign on, and then it starts over again. Everything's trying to get to single sign on in this universe that we're in, and we're all breathing this air and everything that's all it is O off. So you have it's not the only way to solve for the relationship between two systems is that if they're disparate, mutual OAuth, and we are a cloud provider, we sell fucking internet. That's it. Why can't we just be a cloud provider?

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  15:01:59
Well, I think, I think it's a little bit abstract, because, like, we're still trying to deliver the work that a finance, the work product and accounting, right? They're gonna be

Joseph Guzel  15:02:07
able to do that. They're on our cloud. It's what happened with everybody else. And remember, they're not all on clouds, are they

Unknown Speaker  15:02:15
our customers? Yeah, yeah, correct.

Joseph Guzel  15:02:19
They have physical fucking servers that Google doesn't have, right? I'm sure some of them do remember my thing.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  15:02:27
Well, I think, I think a lot of it comes down to, to your point on, like, where, like, what are the important primitives, right, which is really what we're talking about. Like, what, how do these stack up? And the, the core outcome, right? Like, because, because because this is what's changing again, like, we get to sell technology delivers a work product that used to be a bundle of a system of record plus a services firm to deliver the work product, right? So the natural comparison in any or the buying motion right, is going to be around, how much does it cost me today out of my budget to get what I want, which is what the customers really want. Is they want compliant, accurate, insightful, tax ready, optimized books, right? Like they don't really care how the sausage gets made. They want that paired with somebody that can help them navigate their finances, right? I think AI is actually do really good at that layer too, because it's good at legibility, but those are the buying motions that we have in place. Do you have

Joseph Guzel  15:03:29
what's your stack these days with AI trying to ask you, so like, through your workflow, through the day,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  15:03:38
also by my personal so I'm in replit all day right now because I'm building our prototype, and I like replica for prototyping. It's really elegant, because I'm, I'm using agents in my prototype, and rapid makes it very easy to do that, right? So I can

Joseph Guzel  15:03:56
configure that. And then I didn't go down that rabbit hole as much, because I didn't have that need all the time.

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  15:04:01
Because, no, it's a very specific need, right? It's not like CO work. That's like a generalized bunch

Joseph Guzel  15:04:08
of stuff, like CEOs, the product is sitting the vision sitting in your head. You are the CPO, and so,

Matt Talbot (Cast Finance)  15:04:13
dude, it's unbelievable. How powerful is it. As CEO, I can do that. And when I demoted my engineers yesterday, they were like, this would have taken us a year, a couple years ago, just to build at this level of quality for what you've done in three weeks between largely 10pm and 2am right? Like I can't during the day. I'm I'm in meetings all day, every day. Now you caught me on one of the only afternoons I don't have them. But it's, it is because if I can now express the vision extraordinarily succinctly and in a real way. A with real data, right? Our actual transactions, our actual statements. I just created a system. I said, I got these transactions, I got these bank statements. I need an autonomous account exists, and it's unbelievable, because now these guys can just take all the code out of replet, feed it into Claude and go, what works here, what doesn't work. Here's our top down architecture plan, because they've been building a top down agentic GL layer plan as well. Right? It's unbelievable, man, the productivity and throughput is incredible. What is going to matter is what you and I continue to return to, which is distribution. There's going to be a there are going to be a lot of people that are going to figure out different ways to assemble, autonomous accounting and finance. I think the way it just assemble, yeah, exactly. This is actually a problem. This is old

Joseph Guzel  15:05:30
as time, but it's just they've never won. It's it's timing, it's all time. You almost, you're almost literally, I'm so impressed, you're almost literally, you, you've clicked every buckle that I've tried.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai