Joseph Guzel  12:43:27
Okay, I'm just gonna say this for otter, real fast STAR method. This is a brainstorm about how to with me and Jason, about how to get with Jason Tiger from from context, how to vanquish McLean and use the situation that of the arbitration, which we know is not real, it's a tool to control me and to and to justify his actions, to subdue my communication, my access to my property, to hurt me and make me look like a victim, so then he can flip me to the offender, darvo Deny attack. Restrict, restrict my access. Restrict my money. Flip, victim over offender. He becomes victim now I'm the offender. He's trying to do the flip right now, that's what this is. So at least we think it is. That's a question for us and for Claude. Now we're at the office. It is 1240, 5:44pm, on Friday, February 27 I have a meeting with Matt Talbot from CAST finance coming up in 15 minutes after that, I have a meeting with rithwick, chief of staff at Hamza, at 230 Jason's got a meeting with a family office to talk tigeree at one. And the state of play is I haven't had my email since January 2. McLean has manufactured an arbitration that seems to be looming overhead. I have Troutman. He has Oric, the same Oric Benno from before he filed. We haven't responded. I have had my email restricted. Financings have gone through the same ones that I set in place last September with the remaining 17% of AUM at the because haven't 83% called and the audit is active. McLean has committed audit fraud legally, and was it has been, which is a whole nother topic, but I have that audit under control, and I'm meeting with them on Monday. I've got a duro under control, and I'm meeting with them on on Monday as well. Cooley is not in the picture right now, and most of the LPS that matter know what's going on, and that's where we're at now. McLean, about 15 days ago, his lawyer, Ben spoke to my counsel, Stephen Fox, Michael, he know Jordan. Shock it at Troutman to tell us, lawyer, tell them, lawyer to lawyer. Back channel that McLean was ready to settle, and it was in and it was in troutman's best interest, was the suggestion to also get Joe to settle, because they've had enough and they've tried everything against me, is was their words. Apparently, that is clearly not the case, because no settlement has happened. I had I still haven't been paid other than the $45,000 reimbursement that I had legally owed to me from the manco. I haven't gotten any of my q4 q1 management fees. I haven't gotten my email back, my property, anything now McLean about a week right around the time that I was in Bakersfield two weeks ago. I remind you, I've had no contact with McLean since in person or on the phone since last September. Or I repeat, I have not. I have not spoken to McLean on the phone or seen him in person since September 2025, 25 you guys got, we're running through The STAR method.

Joseph Guzel  12:47:41
And McLean settlement that he proposed, which is unusual when you that's that was one of the tells. When they call suggesting a settlement, then they propose a settlement, instead of us proposing a settlement, after being treated like we're the aggressor. Yet again, it went as follows. He tried to claim that I'm only owed $8,800 of management fees. Oh, by the way, my Amex hasn't been paid because of the positive pay blocks that McLean did when he coercively controlled Silicon Valley Bank and stripped me of banking access illegally and put blocks on my account without trouble, without my consent, which is also a. Legal. He's he's guilty, he's very he's very guilty, very provably guilty, for wire fraud and every other kind of thing you can think of. These are serious felony criminal charges you could look at jail time for any of this. And I have so much of it over years. Okay, so McLean settlement, what was it? Are you ready? I'm recording.

Unknown Speaker  12:48:54
Oh, my God, this is disgusting. Are you listening? I

Joseph Guzel  12:49:07
McLean settlement was as follows, I you Hi,

Joseph Guzel  12:50:19
presented by McLean To me and Troutman from Ben, that are the basis of where we stand until I deliver, until I deliver my response. According to Troutman, I got everything in a repository.

Unknown Speaker  12:50:51
So I'm trying

Joseph Guzel  12:50:57
to, I'm trying to get these terms here. Sorry, so

Speaker 1  12:51:06
that I have your terms or his terms.

Joseph Guzel  12:51:09
I haven't presented terms good. I know. Hold on. When have I ever gone after him for something? Have I? No, have I? I'm not trying to be a good man. No, I know it's always been him instigating. Yeah, gotcha. Okay, I have an idea. No, you're not yet, please. I After you have all the information, you can give me your ideas, but before you're just interrupting me, you don't have all my information, so you don't have good ideas until I'm giving you. This is the first time I'm laying it out for this. Like you like this. So don't make assumptions that are the mother of all fuck ups. I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't desperately need your help and value your ideas.

Joseph Guzel  12:52:03
Take notes by pen, by the way, here's a complete outline of, okay, here is the complete outline of Ben's, which is really McLean's. Jason, are you paying attention? Because I can't know, because you're on your phone taking notes instead of with a notebook. Okay, so the date, right? This is Feb ninth, sent by Ben. Oh, Ben, uh, which is McLean's lawyer, but he's not really McLean's lawyer, McLean's friend. Let's not call him a lawyer anymore. Okay, going forward, don't ever call him his lawyer. So I have lawyers. I'm getting charged money. You think he is no okay. You think Ben charged him $45,000 do you think he has a $60,000 bill from Latham Watkins and a $97,000 bill from Troutman? Ben is Bradley Horowitz, his son in law. Bradley Horowitz is a $350,000 limited partner of mine in Haven. What he's employee 20 was employee 20 at Google. He's an older man. He's Larry's friend. He lives on two blocks down from them. He is very close with that family, okay, very fucking close. Okay. Him and Larry, like Brandon, you and Brandon. Okay, so is he getting charged? McLean, is he getting special treatment? Is it? LP, overreach on two counts? Yes. Now we're finally on the same fucking page. So don't fucking talk to me about getting the lawyers in the room. Get his friend in the room with my lawyers. Why? Now you get it? Yeah, cuz it's fucking nuts. He's not a lawyer. It's his best friend, the shit he's done for McLean, I could never get you to do that if you were a lawyer, you have it's, this is, you know, you get no chance, but Ben is operating with impunity. It's Larry. This is where the money that they have is power, where the smartest people in the world, at the best places, can do things that they absolutely shouldn't do or wouldn't do for even other very rich people. But the rules are bent here, and it just doesn't matter. And the firm has no Oric top five law firm on planet Earth. Ben, it's incredible. It's like having Dave Young do whatever he wants for you with him, and he doesn't give a shit what Cooley thinks, because he doesn't have to. That's what I'm up against. So going the legal route, I'm always gonna lose that's it. Fucking lawyers, ugh. And I've known that the whole time, nobody would fucking listen to me. Troutman wouldn't fucking listen to me either. I said, day one you were here. I was like, we have to get rid of Ben. Didn't I say that they didn't fucking listen. Everybody just thinks I'm fucking crazy. I'm actually just surrounded by fucking idiots. Let's see. Here is the complete outline of Ben O's Feb ninth, 2026, settlement proposal, the baseline, and that's clearly I'm yelling at, not at, see,

Joseph Guzel  12:55:32
but please be on my level there. Otherwise, I can't be around you. I can't be around anybody that's not on my level right now. So Ben, so McLean's friend Ben, right, who works at Oric, but that I'm never gonna say that again, McLean's friend is helping him attack me, so I'm getting attacked by two people. Okay?

Joseph Guzel  12:55:58
The baseline McLean put on the table though, through Oric, which Troutman declared a non starter, run through an outline of the dispute and this whole fiasco from The signing of the BOP last year to present. Let

Joseph Guzel  12:56:32
me text Matt, tell him five minutes.

Unknown Speaker  12:56:45
All right, don't

Unknown Speaker  12:56:48
three minutes, I understand

Joseph Guzel  12:56:59
I'm going to take the booth. Oh, actually, you take the booth, but, but, yeah, I'm gonna have Matt. Yeah. Okay, the booth, the booth is pretty soundproof, yeah, yeah, you don't need to. Actually, it's better if you don't. It's better if you don't. So you don't talk too loud when you're in there and you have the headphones, you're talking louder because you have the headphones anybody would, and then it's already soundproof, so then you're like, really loud,

Speaker 1  12:57:32
really like, I've listened to you, and I appreciate you. We have to do this every time so I can visually see it. Yeah, I'm feeling it's not fucking good for me, for me, not for me. Sure. You

Joseph Guzel  12:57:48
I think that's, don't ever waste shut the fuck up. Don't ever waste my time. Didn't I teach you the STAR method, then shut the fuck up. I did that. What? So that I could feel good about teaching somebody the STAR method, or so that they can fucking use it to better themselves, right? I'm using it right now the most desperate time of my life. So shut the fuck up. You could have done this. Why am I doing it? Is the real question,

Unknown Speaker  12:58:13
because it only helps you.

Joseph Guzel  12:58:23
You're gonna see me bust. Out every fucking thing that I taught you. Pay attention to it and never tell me you want to learn again after I do it, because I've shown you the game. Through and through, I paid you to show you the game, and I'm gonna pay you more right now to show you the game. That's what I do. I'm

Joseph Guzel  12:58:49
so part of the game is, don't ever fucking take notes with your phone when somebody is doing something serious. It's fucking

Unknown Speaker  12:59:01
rude. Now I understand

Joseph Guzel  12:59:06
March 2025, you don't even need to be taking this fucking meeting. I told you don't take these kinds of meetings. It's a waste of your time. You're better off spending time doing more deck stuff, which you haven't done. You haven't answered any of my fucking questions. I don't know if I could even just have an email that would explain to me what your plan is. No, you do them right at the fuck out. Do not put it on fucking chat, GPT or some shit. It doesn't make sense. If it's in your head, it's gonna make sense. Put a thing fingers to sheet, pop signing. Okay, I'm gonna, I'll get a better visual here, but

Joseph Guzel  12:59:50
how long is it 30 or 45 okay, I think mine's gonna take 45 real fast. When was your last conversation with Matt?

Unknown Speaker  13:00:05
About four months ago, what'd you guys talk about? Do you remember

Speaker 1  13:00:11
getting information and data about the data room act for acquisitions? Do you have

Joseph Guzel  13:00:17
transcripts of you and him talking? Yeah, if you can look on otter and send me via Let's do Thank You. You Thank i i you i. Pain, Jose, Like You you?

Unknown Speaker  13:07:12
I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai