00:00:00 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Let me say, um, thank you for thank you for calling me. Um, yeah. Baruch Hashem. Um, The uh the um here is here is where uh, here's how I see it. What, we okay, insurance super important to them. How, do you know? Because, what do you know, Pattern matching? Uh my beautiful Jordan Uh I got I just got off the phone with Jordan and Michael Here's, a text message to my wife and I. From McLean's wife, The second such message that she sent a picture of uh Blue Shield, where it says " cancel." Um, and then and then yeah, so now she's manufacturing urgency. Of course, As they do their shit, their stuff matters ours doesn't right Joe comma Fuck you. No I am playing Joe comma You failed to approve health insurance, and now our plans are canceled backdated to Jan one.
00:00:56 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
It can be fixed by five p m today if you approve it, but it'll take three business days to process. Okay. Um. Okay, I am not surprised she sent that. That just what does that prove? It proves what we knew, which is that insurance is leverage. Um, Yeah now, uh we need insurance too right. Um and they know that um my wife has been incredibly patient now.
00:01:27 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
What, they put on the table in that email response to uh to you guys is kind of is kind of the same thing as this insurance. That that what came out of Monday, um, Is the same exact thing as what I am looking at right here in this text message. They're manufacturing urgency, fear right around uh around creating an anxiety around the expense reconciliation. So that's all we focus on and then, They put four things on the table, And then a couple other little things that that they were hoping to just slip in there. All right, Which is and this is how I know it's McLean writing this stuff, because it's too good. You have to know too much about the insider situation of these companies, where Benz has nothing to do with this. It's him and Chat GPT. So, um because it's just too ridiculously nuanced. Um okay, Cass Finance. 
00:02:22 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Uh, Brick Dynamics, Apoloma and this other company uh Volta. These are portfolio companies that are all active today. Um. And and uh, the the thing with them is that two of them are McLean's, uh, you know, fiefdom. There's a very small fiefdom. Um he has exactly four companies I believe that That that he can tie to his name Apolloma, Volta Corgi. And that's and and now Autolab that I gave him, okay, yeah. So so McLean is in the business of uh of longevity here um after Haven as well, right? So he's he can't raise another fund. He needs to be credible. He needs to show Scandy that he's credible their money's in this yada yada Apolloma.
00:03:21 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Uh, is about to run out of money. Right? Volta is about to run out of money. Worse than that, it needs to shut down or sell. That's why he said on Apolloma he said approve pro rata, on Volta he said um approve a sale. Corgi, okay. Is he didn't put that one on the table, but that's a very important one, right? That's like a hamza for him Right, but it's still too new. And then and then Autolab is off the table now. He manufactured a board seat for himself after I put him on there, taking myself off, yada yada. So so he said uh and then he put on Brick Dynamics, which is my second best company. Throwing up an uncapped note where we invest five hundred k, which I would actually love to do. I would love to do that. I should do that to protect the preference. I am on the board ;. He can't take anything away from me on that one.
00:04:20 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Only thing you can take away from me is my relationship with TJ, the founder. And credibility, and if we don't invest there, Potentially getting squeezed out by Riot in some kind of pay- to- play or something like that by ventures. I need to control that preference stack. You guys know that all too well. So, That's the brick dynamics is the thing we need him to not focus on whatsoever. That he thinks he's manufacturing his leverage; it is not a good faith thing. Um, He needs Apaluma and Volta to go through. I'll approve this insurance. We're going to get, and then what's going to happen is we'll get nothing. So, I will approve it.
00:04:56 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
So, John, What I am hearing is I think we should approve the insurance show show good faith, right? It seems like the portfolio company stuff may also be a point of leverage and possibly a greater point of leverage.
00:05:13 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
It's the whole thing. It's the whole thing making him making him think that he's uh secure in his future to be able to have a business card is what matters. And we have the gift staring us at its cast finance.
00:05:28 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
What what I think we can make this look like is you know, hey Troutman is you know getting Joe to play ball, right? But you need to get you know, McLean to play ball on everything else, right? So, I think this scenario could play out in our favor and try to wrap things up on the other items, : the expenses, the portfolio companies, the separation, the attribution. Set it up that you know, we just need to avoid fifty four minute deadlines to approve insurance. You know we need to get.
00:06:13 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, um, okay. So, what what should I uh draft for you guys right now in less than fifty four minutes?
00:06:21 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Yeah, So can do you have whatever you need to call Blue Shield or I? Well, is it call Blue Shield or approving the A C H?
00:06:32 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Uh i I didn't even realize I need to call them, But I will. Uh, i will do that orum or i'll just respond and say. 
00:06:41 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
They said you need to. I have no,
00:06:48 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I sincerely have no idea. All I will send an email so that it's on record for that, unless you guys can do it.
00:06:57 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I am going to send an email. You know, I would can you text McLean say you spoke to us? You are going to approve the insurance. We're going to connect with Ben. Tell McLean to give you instructions on what you need to do.
00:07:14 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Okay, okay, yeah, I'll I'll literally do that right now while with you guys on the phone. Um.
00:07:19 Joe Guzel
And then so that will okay that will happen right now. So I'll go McLean. Okay McLean. Uh heyum. I. I got uh Christina's note, About should I say, got Christina's note about the insurance. I didn't see any emails about this, emails about it or anything. Or anything. No worries, no worries. Um, I will approve the ACH. ACH How do I um how do I go about doing that? Is that through SBB?
00:08:09 Joe Guzel
That's the SBB, or do I need to call? Do I need to call someone?
00:08:17 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Okay, that's done.
00:08:20 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
All right, I appreciate it, Joe. I know it's not the ideal situation.
00:08:25 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I have no pride, steven, i have negative. I have negative pride That's. The thing you guys need to sincerely realize with me. I am not a proud man; I don't have the capacity for it. That's why I am in this situation. Yeah, So like I 100,
00:08:40 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Understand and I just want to see things get knocked out.
00:08:43 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Me too. Yeah, yeah.
00:08:44 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I want to see things get knocked out. I want to see these fees get knocked out.
00:08:47 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, i i I want to get this guy. I want to just wrap it. I feel like we're i feel like we're one move away from wrapping it up if everybody can just like level with what's actually happening. Like, i'm heading to Aspen next week. i've got the CFO visa coming. i've got all these people. i'm like, I'm in like a fucking great mood right now about the future, as i should be Like, i need to get this shit this noise, Over with. Um, it's just noise. So like uh I don't even give a shit about a non disparagement, honestly Stephen because like talking to uh everybody at this point, But credible LPEs, my LPEs is just uh, it is just that he's gonna keep talking shit. Like this is what my second largest LP just told me. They're like you get non disparagements, he's gonna keep talking shit. So the only thing that you do is you just show in the slide where and everything the truth, which is, it's completely one sided.
00:09:38 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
It would be way worse if McClain actually did stuff here. If he, God, thank God, God loves me that this man did not work whatsoever. I mean, that's the greatest gift ever because I can just show that right? It's the easiest thing. Um so I just uh uh that it's it's sincerely the truth. Um so he needs credibility brother like we talked about, And it rests in those, in everything else that was in that email. So, that's the real move. Once, we figure out how to get him satisfied that he has something that matters to stand on, because Volt is going to zero, Apaluma will go to zero, and it's not a core investment.
00:10:31 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
He has no aside from corgi. He has no other core investments at the in the whole portfolio. Nothing, and we're done investing in new companies net new companies). So like if you are him, you feel naked, right? Yeah, and he needs to be able to say like No, I totally matter. " And, you'll appreciate this as corporate counsel :, which is uh what he's been doing consistently, is always trying to make the board seat. A haven board seat more explicitly and less about me or whatever, very nonsensical stuff, which just because he believes that attribution sits with the firm. And, he's just like he's just misguided on that. Let him be misguided with. It doesn't matter, um. He's trying to rack up board seats, so that he has a job like, so let's give him one. And I think that it's cast finance, which is the second largest portfolio company, uh by dollar concentration.
00:11:28 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Which has the illusion of credibility. It's something that I did created, built, finance,d sit on the board of. The founder is has proven to be just a low integrity founder. So that then it's just going to be a zero obviously eventually that happens. Let him take that one right? He thinks that I care about it because it's a big check and because I have the board seat. What he's not, what he doesn't expect is that I give him the board seat. That's why he didn't structure the value, the terms in on forecast in the email, The way that we freaking agreed to, and that makes sense when you have three stacks of preference, which is about a price drop. Why is he suggesting only notes? Yeah. Because he does, because he doesn't think you could take the board seat away from me. Right. So let's give it to him.
00:12:26 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And then watch, watch good portfolio construction suddenly manifest. The net TVPI is going to go up considerably in the whole fund, which is good. I get brick dynamics done, which is incredibly important because Riot Ventures, despite being a groomsmen in my wedding, that guy will fucking crush me because he's just an animal if he can. It's just business. And then the other ones who gives a shit? Right? Because they're not going to make money. Yeah There he goes and that's venture, Right. So,
00:12:58 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I have an email to Ben drafted. I am going to tell him," You are going to work with McClain to get this approved by five." If you could let me or Jordan or Mike, or all of us know that you've completed it by five,
00:13:15 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I am going to swing by Mike's house and apologize to Mike. He seems like he's very upset theum the, He he just yeah I'm playing. He McLean messaged me back. He said uh they don't send emails, They being Blue Shield dot you only find out when your insurance stops period. I am sending an email now. So this does this mean nothing actually? Is this not a real thing? So now he's sending an email?
00:13:49 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I mean, why don't you just ask what he needs from you to get approved?
00:13:52 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
God, Jordan, you're smart.
00:13:54 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Say you want to have a flu shot in forty six minutes. Okay. Okay.
00:13:58 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I say I'm gonna say okay. Okay, Uh, so do so. Do you need me to do need me to do literally anything literally anything right now? Christina Christina texted uh texted and said it had to be approved. It had to be approved. 
00:14:14 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
By Joe Joe Joe Joe Just say. What what do you need me to do? I know it needs to be approved by five. That's it. Nothing more.
00:14:25 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Uh, said but I shouldn't say I know right because if his wife, I didn't know that.
00:14:46 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Yeah, Say say. Does n't, yeah, that's fine and that you're willing to do what you need to do, but you don't know what the instructions are.
00:14:56 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
God, these people are just the dumbest people. This is the dumbest thing. This is the dumbest, it's not helpful. This is the dumbest. This is the dumbest thing you've ever done in your career. I'm sorry, i will make it up to you.
00:15:07 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
It's okay, it's for you. We're okay. I mean,
00:15:10 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Thank you, but i mean, jesus christ. I mean. Yeah, so does my kind ofquid pro quo make sense here? I am just like looking at it soberly, unemotionally. The perception is that cast finances is just like the other ones that happened, and so that's a good. It's like this is this is the way out, I think sincerely. Which is yeah,
00:15:37 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I mean I agree. I think you know, I don't have all the details and we can go through.
00:15:45 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Do what makes sense, right? But I think conceptually high level, like yeah, like let's figure out the allocation of the portfolio companies and yeah.
00:15:57 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
The allocation is everything that everything that he has except for Corgi was in that except for Corgi and Apolloma were in that email. So anything that's figuring out allocation of portfolio companies just doesn't matter because the work is done, brother. It's done, and I have all my power consolidated. He reached into Brick Dynamics and pulled that out of thin air. That was never on the table as a business thing. The uncapped note came up because Riot wanted to do it last November. I sent him one text about it. We never talked about it, And I made it clear to the founders in the last board meeting a month ago that we're probably not going to do it, And also just we don't do uncapped notes because that's not something I like to do. This is actually a good idea to do it.
00:16:37 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I wanted to do it, but I was also trying to get fucking everything else done. You know, each one of these has been a battle instead of something really easy. Um, Which historically him and I never had problems making investment decisions because it didn't that wasn't something you needed to fight me on right? He hiring and things like that was the thing. So so brick ends up being like not the focus here. We do the giant surprise which is you take cash finance. And the condition is, It needs to be a priced equity round that we agreed to and negotiated last year to convert the whole thing to a thirty post, not having more notes overhanging and more fucking preference. It's not shares; those are IOUs. It's the opposite of shares. Ew, right? And, then it's the second largest ;. He's going to focus on the dollar figure and look at it like, "Oh my god, there is ten percent of the funds in this thing. I must be important. I must be a smart boy." What he doesn't know is it's going to be a zero.
00:17:35 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And so he can he can associate with that. There, there you go. So. 
00:17:40 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I mean, you know, you or McLean have the inside track on, you know, what is important and what is, you know, the big winner here. Right? Yeah. So, we'll focus on those, give them the paper wins, and you know uh, get get you paid. And and separate it right? I think that's what we need to do.
00:18:02 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I don't think I don't think he's gonna separate, That'll be a whole nother thing. Yeah, I cause why why would you leave somebody as nice as me? Right, I give him everything. No, he definitely doesn't. He, he I am I am fucking. Why would you leave Jesus like like I literally am the savior for this man. I gave i give him everything and i get nothing. He'll never leave me. So we have to just box him in. If i think if we put that hat on brother.
00:18:35 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Respectfully, It's just going to send us down a strategy that we're just not going to win. It'll be just the same thing, you know.
00:18:45 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Yeah, well, I mean, I certainly welcome your feedback on that. I don't want to protract this; right? I want to get this settled up and get you on to even two whatever you are. The equivalent of separation,
00:19:00 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
The equivalent of true separation. The best, the best I can hope for is what I told you guys before, Which is financial separation, where my fee stream cannot be obstructed on a gross basis from him. I need my financial life separated from this man. Look at what you just saw me do. I am sitting here trying to improve health insurance for my family with him. Why am i Why am I sharing health insurance with him? Why he has a family? Am yeah, I am building one. We're two grown men. He's never had a job. He's just an entitled prick.
00:19:33 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Has he texted you back?
00:19:35 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
No, not since. Um, and then uh, yeah, And uh let me see if I got an email or something, but I I am not sure what I am supposed to be doing here because last time they did this, it was just to scare us and nothing happened. So urgent uh McLean to Denise Mike Kino Stephen Fox Ben O Oh. Denise, our health insurance was canceled due to non payment. It sounds like they will reinstate it if we make payment in full eleven. K. That's high. Is that two months?
00:20:08 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I think that's two months, yeah.
00:20:10 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Okay, We should probably confirm that Joe on C C has agreed to approve the ACH this time around. See that little thing? Then I got to explain that I am uh, then then I, if it goes to arbitration, it's uh, well, did you ever not uh, approve things? It's like, Come on. This was never even something I thought about.
00:20:29 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I already sent an email ten minutes ago, saying we're willing to approve it, and we just need the instructions.
00:20:34 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, but he's saying I didn't approve the last one. That's but that's it's not that I didn't approve it, it's that they created this issue with the banking systems obviously. This whole financial everything was a financial mess because they wanted to make it a financial mess to fuck me up. Unfortunately, They'll no longer let me make payments through the admin portal because the account is disabled. We therefore have to call them and run the payment again, but unfortunately I am on a plane. Oh, what do you know? Is it possible to call them and have them rerun the payment? Just as an FYI, The ACH approval might come through today once they reprocess or it might arrive in the next couple of days. They warned me that reinstating insurance might take three business days. Hence, So the narrative that he's sitting on is that I canceled his insurance because that's the one that he has been trying to sit on the whole time, which is obviously not true. I did everything compliant.
00:21:21 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Wait, this is this is his text from. To you,
00:21:23 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
This is top of your inbox. You are on this, yeah. Yep,
00:21:30 Joe Guzel
So has not come through.
00:21:39 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I have to imagine this is another manipulation. Like everything that they do is a manipulation. So what could this be manipulating? I wonder.
00:21:51 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Because they're they're going to the minute we approve this insurance, like I said before. That has never been an issue. It's all it's an issue for his wife. Right, it's an issue for my wife. But, They give a huge shit about this, because if they pay for their own insurance, then they're not robbing me and they can't have that Stephen. Right, they have to be robbing me otherwise they can't live with themselves.
00:22:20 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Right, because that's what literally is the is the reality of my fucking situation here. So, God, like we cannot live with not robbing Joe. We have to fucking focus on the insurance. The minute this comes off the table, Then it's right back to business, which is we will never fucking. Let Joe have any money and they're good for another month until this comes up again with the insurance. And if I don't approve it again. So that's why the money. Is not going to happen unless the unless we play the board seat thing correctly, because that's all he fucking cares about. That's it. And, then if we if we play the if we play the portfolio thing, right, And but we have to squeeze the fuck out of him first and scare him and make him think that he's not going to have anything. That he's not going to have any board seats. So I have to think of something to put corgi on the table.
00:23:18 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I haven't gotten an update from them in a long time. That would be nice. How much runway do they have left? Yada yada, Apaluma. I am not going to focus on Volta because it's a nonstarter. I am going to say that that depending on the runway, All three of these investments need to be marked down in Q, four financials, and I will email. The auditors right. 
00:23:43 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Is Email at all. 
00:23:45 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Yeah, yeah,
00:23:47 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I gotcha. Portfolio company by portfolio company. I understand. I'm just thinking out loud. Yeah. No, I appreciate it. It's hard to keep straight in my head too. I understand, but but but does but does the strategy make sense? Yes or no? Because if you go email them back and ask them for money.
00:24:04 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
It makes sense, I agree.
00:24:05 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yes, Yeah, hundred percent If. We email them with here is all the money that Joe needs. They're going to say, go fuck yourself So,
00:24:14 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
What I would.
00:24:16 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
Why don't you send me that email when you can? Let's connect next week on that. Okay. On this email from McLean, I think you should reply saying," I am happy to approve whatever needs to be approved for this ACH payment to go through today."
00:24:38 Joe Guzel
I am happy to approve whatever needs to be approved for this ACH payment. To go through today. Um, should I quote the the. 
00:24:50 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I won't say Christina, but I'll be like three uh, I hadn't I hadn't heard of. I didn't know that it was coming through until three thirty p m today. Yeah yeah, I didn't receive any messages on it. Uh until. 
00:25:10 Joe Guzel
Uh just until three thirty today. Yeah, About three thirty p m today. Today. Let me know what you need. You know what you need. Thank you.
00:25:26 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
I think that looks good, I think that looks good, Joe.
00:25:29 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Okay, thanks guys, Sorry for just being the worst. Butum this is like this was always yeah. It was always gonna be like this. So that's okay. Yeah, all right. Thanks, thanks boys. You guys are three hours ahead. Go enjoy your nights. Thank you so much.
00:25:43 Stephen Fox (Troutman)
See you. Bye- bye. See you, Joe.
00:25:46 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
See you. Bye- bye.