00:00:00 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Sorry, I've beenum uh not super responsive on emails. I got stuck in the bay andum and uh have not like had the that leverage to just get in front of my computer. I kept missing flights; it was a whole thing, but good productive week nonetheless. Anytime it's a Hamza week, it's uh really busy.
00:00:22 Michael Hino (Troutman)
All right, well that's no problem. We understand business gets in the way sometimes. Um, So so really just a couple quick questions for you. And you know discussion of where we're kind of going. I had emailed you the other day. What is the correct amount of the partner draw? And we say it's one sixteen five. They say it's eighty eight, eighty eight thousand and thirty nine dollars and some change.
00:00:49 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
For the partner draw? Yeah.
00:00:54 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
For which quarter?
00:01:02 Michael Hino (Troutman)
For Q one and Q two, you calculated the draw at one sixteen five, one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred dollars.
00:01:09 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Right, Whatever I had as the calculations aren't going to foot to what he gave you because he's excluding the Amex, and he's not categorizing operating expenses as he's not categorizing anything as we usually do it. Which I, I'll give you all the historicals. I know I owe it to you, but it's and he knows he's doing that. That's that's the thing. So, the right amount of the partner draw is whatever I had in my model. That's the that's the amount that we're both owed is what I calculated down to a T. And nobody said. 
00:01:47 Michael Hino (Troutman)
It looks like yeah, like the Q one. And Q two draws as an example are are both one sixteen, five hundred, one hundred, sixteen thousand, five hundred dollars So, I guess that'the question that that i had, Um, again, I am not a fund manager, but is it the same every time? Like, if you were to go back to Q four Q one before this whole dispute started, Would it be one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred dollars? Or would it be some other number?
00:02:15 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
It'd be a different number. And I'll reconcile it for you.
00:02:20 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Well is it is it split between you and McLean? Or is yeah, we've been all mentioned there was split between the two of you and the fund.
00:02:27 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So so no, so what happens. What happens is, we get our management fee draw every quarter. That's usually around two hundred thirty three thousand, which is the net of the gross two point five percent of AUM, net of our cash contributions for our one percent of the GP. And then it's usually seventy to ninety thousand. Each a quarter is where it nets out at depending on where expenses are reconciling on that given month because.
00:02:58 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I've never managed to get a fund expense reconciliation report, which I've done all of them, Uh to Annie on a per month basis because I quite literally don't have the bandwidth. Um so they she usually gets them every three months. So, it's usually every it's usually seventy to ninety k um depending on the quarter each every month. And but the Amex is settled every month, don't they? Right, middle of the month. And. So until I get around to reconciling them those those fund expenses from the Amex, not the operating regular expenses that would have just come out of the LLC. They would get uh reimbursed from the LP account up to the LLC account and then we get a boost. So, our net expenses uh have have always been pretty much consistent um month over month over month.
00:03:51 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
What he's giving you is a is a reconciliation as if my Amex bill, uh, which is primarily OpEx standard OpEx. And for which I take fund expenses as personal expenses that I don't need to just out of principle um. And I don't ding him for any of the many things I am about to ding him for in the email that I send you. Um. He doesn't he doesn't include any of that right? He's netting all that out. He knows it.
00:04:21 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Because what he wants is cash, and and that blue. Right,
00:04:24 Michael Hino (Troutman)
If you look right Joe, If you look at the the spreadsheet, they sent us just to to make sure we're talking about the same numbers here. If, you pull that up? Um I can forward it to you again, if it's that'll be easier.
00:04:38 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
His calculation is wrong from first principles Michael because he starts not with the Amex reports, he's starting with the S B account, so it's incorrect.
00:04:50 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And then he ignores. He ignores the ask to Ben should be help us reconcile. Why Joe's spreadsheet is like this and yours is like that, and every other spreadsheet that I am going to give you with, And I am going to have Annie back it up is are all the way that I did.
00:05:09 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Okay, because just just looking at it doesn't look like it. You know, the unpaid draw again if you look at this. For Q three, he's got eighteen thousand thirty nine dollars and fourteen cents. It's exactly the same for both of you guys.
00:05:23 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
That's not that's not the total though. That's not the total because remember he's not playing for his numbers are wrong. His numbers are wrong, brother. Okay, they're just wrong.
00:05:33 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Well, We were just trying to come up with an easy way to reconcile them.
00:05:37 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And it sounds like maybe they're unreconcilable because they're meant to be. He it's totally nonsensical. He's just, He's just trying to squeeze me. Um, I think respectfully that um our our rebuttal should be, um like. A, but basically basically take um for for go for let's just focus on something like forget expense reimbursement right now. Just go forward draws.
00:06:11 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Like, like, like looking forward because we can't seem to look backwards. So, assuming everything's reconciled, This is the go- forward proposal that Joe has : take two hundred and thirty - three thousand a quarter for the next. However, many years divided by portfolio responsibility because the initial investment period is over, and we don't have any more investments to make here. Like, why? Like, like that's it. So he like cash finances my board seat. He has no business messing with it. So is break dynamics. Volta, I am going to opt to mark it down in Q four for Q four and Apoloma sounds like it's supposed to be marked down as well. So, let's just do that. Just, what what are the companies who covers them actually, because in the B O P doesn't match up to the reality.
00:07:08 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
The legal docs match up to the reality, and just divide it by that. And then uh each person gets what they're owed for the work. And then see what he comes back with from that.
00:07:21 Michael Hino (Troutman)
All right, so explain that to me again. It would be two thirty three a quarter?
00:07:25 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, So so if you assume an average of two thirty three a quarter for the next uh for just even the next year, divided byum. 
00:07:35 Michael Hino (Troutman)
An average of what? What What is that?
00:07:37 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
That's going to be the partner dynamics cast. Um, uh, how many how many active portfolio companies we have Let's see.
00:07:50 Michael Hino (Troutman)
What's the average on those, Joe? Is it is revenue or something or what? What what's the what number are we? What numbers are we using to get to the average. 
00:07:58 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Portfolio count divided by coverage.
00:08:05 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
For the only companies that matters because he has Apoloma and Volta. He he has three companies. Two of which I gave him one of which is going to zero, the other of which Apoloma, uh he needs to keep alive. He needs a reason to exist. Cast finance is my board seat. I don't have to do anything. I haven't decided whether I want to, you know approve that investment, given how they're behaving. It's the second largest concentrated investment dollar wise in the portfolio.
00:08:37 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Okay, well let's just talk about the two thirty three. So when you say portfolio count, and I don't know Jordan if you understand it, But just explain to me, what makes up that number is it like? How would I get there? And how would I explain it to Ben?
00:08:57 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
While I am pulling that up. Just hold on, just give me one moment. So we got Hamza Cast, Superconnector Brick Dynamics, Pico Labs Every Set. Tribovolta Apolluma. Okay. So, let's say there is um seven companies that are the active core investments that are the value drivers in the portfolio we're coming up on on year five, right?
00:09:29 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
We have things that have gone to zero. We have things that are stagnant that we're not going to invest more money in. Um, and we're eighty three percent invested, called and reserved, and we need to make a capital call that'll take us into the nineties. The whole point's not to go over one hundred percent. Now now Hamza is our most valuable by far business, and I have the board seat and uh that's safe now. Done done done Cast I have the board seat It's our second largest uh cost basis, uh concentrated dollars in the portfolio. I was trying to convert that to a price round. He screwed it up to do whatever he's trying to do right now, which is the same thing he did with Pico, right? Which is the same thing he also did with Brick Dynamics, right? He's trying to just do repeat the same behavior, like try to fuck up the deal, try to make me look bad with the founders yada yada. Um and then try to strip away power and all that shit. Um super connector.
00:10:27 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I got the board seat. We don't have to do anything there. Um, we own shares, right? Uh, it's not on safe brick dynamics. Same thing. We don't necessarily need to do anything there. I have the board seat Pico Labs. You don't have to do anything there. Neither of us have the board seat, but I have the control, right? Because it's tied in with Hamza. Every set same thing that one's that one's graduated Trivo got marked down. Volta he's got and then Apolloma. And then Tiger Reed. So, those are the couple that are missing. So, we're done investing. We do not need to deploy another dollar into another company, period. I'd really rather not, especially if it's like this. He needs to have something to do here, otherwise we go to arbitration and what what are they going to see? Like what what is he actually working on? He's not working on anything.
00:11:27 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
He doesn't have anyresponsibilities, and it's over. The funds invested. This isn't like we still have years of investing to do together, right?
00:11:37 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Yeah, no. I mean the goal here, Joe is to is to try and separate, right? The goal is to separate and not have to go to arbitration. That's that's the goal. But.
00:11:46 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But if we did if we did, then that's like this is these are the facts, right? And so what, So what if we just took the two hundred and thirty three thousand, divided by hisresponsibilities today. Uh, in mind like by this total by uh, by ten or by nine. Sorry, two thirty three divided by nine.
00:12:14 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Nine companies is that what?
00:12:16 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah. So it's like twenty five k a board seat basically, a quarter.
00:12:26 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Because all he cares about is trying to destroy my board seats and make them neutral. That's the pattern that we have black and white here. He tried to do it with Hamza and every set he did it with Pico just recently, He's trying to do it with Cast because he can't rewrite history, so until it's history,
00:12:45 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Right? Right. Well, let's do this just just to try and push back on their chart. Can you send us information as to how the partner, Draw was determined in, I guess, saying that email in. I guess it would be before the dispute arose, so it would be in. I guess Q two of twenty twenty five and Q one of twenty twenty four Michael.
00:13:12 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
What's this? What do you? Why are we answering their questions? They're not trying to settle.
00:13:16 Michael Hino (Troutman)
No, no, we're trying to push back Joe. They've said this is this is these are the numbers, and we want to push back and say, no, your numbers are wrong.
00:13:23 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But the pattern, With the literal pattern that I've been living through for like this is now the eighth. One of these. He's doing. It's the same thing every time. That, he he's trying to do now with Brick Dynamics. And with um Cast, Finance is the same thing I just wrapped up with Pico, is the same thing that I just got through with Auto Lab, is the same thing that it's every single time. This is what he's been doing. Um. 
00:13:53 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Right, So the idea of what to understand the historical numbers,
00:13:58 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So we can go back and say we do understand them. Though they don't give a shit about the numbers, respectfully. Like I, What they care of what he what he wants is he wants board seats, because all he's been doing this whole time is trying to take my board seats away.
00:14:17 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So. So that's why it's like they they propose the most bullshit numbers I've ever seen. They've had my numbers for so long, they didn't even reference them. Everyone's just assuming that they're wrong. I did every motherfucking fund reimbursement, every expense report. I authored every document at this firm, So it's nonsensical if I say it's nonsensical ;, it's nonsensical ;. It's just a fact which will stand up in arbitration. It won't be an opinion and and again. 
00:14:46 Michael Hino (Troutman)
All I am asking for, Joe, is if you can send us. We just I want to be able to show Ben like here are some historical documents, which I would show you at arbitration. But I am showing you now your numbers are wrong and here is why.
00:15:00 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And that, that would be the easiest thing in the world for me to give you and I will give you that and I know, I've said that for a couple of days, but I am just one guy literally doing all of these things. Remember. So he doesn't do anything right? So what did the rest of the email? Um, Or the rest of the the rebuttal is where the real meat and potato is, uh potatoes are that I feel like we need to counter and turn the tables. Because here I am about to endure this again, for like the tenth time of like, oh, he went and called the brick Dynamics founder, which he has no business doing because he's illegally taking my uh my email again. I spoke to his E A by the way. He has a virtual assistant that's two thousand dollars a month.
00:15:43 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I don't have a virtual assistant. Interesting. Uh, she confirmed that. 
00:15:49 Michael Hino (Troutman)
He's I am with you. Yeah, this is what I think we should do. Okay, okay, ahead.
00:15:55 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Well, She confirmed that uh she confirmed that he's been uh that after he pulled the email He set up meetings with all the founders and then told them that I was fired from Haven Ventures Even like Pico, which we just consummated an investment there, right?
00:16:14 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Right, and I have her on uh on audio transcript. Okay, yeah,
00:16:19 Michael Hino (Troutman)
But if you can if you can show us how the draw is determined, How it was determined before the dispute arose. So Q two Q one of twenty twenty five that would be super helpful. Okay, if you could and again just if there are documents,
00:16:35 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
If there are there are documents and there are emails, and t here is statements t here is email.
00:16:38 Michael Hino (Troutman)
And, again, we we need the source documents Joe.
00:16:41 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So we can we give you every single show them to.
00:16:43 Michael Hino (Troutman)
To those sites, and again, we don't just you know whatever's the cleanest, crispest way to say here it is black and white. You know whether it's a deposit into your account,
00:16:52 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But that's going to take me that's going to take me hours to pull and I am going to do it. But, but and they know that, because they've been doing this to me and I've been pulling together data like this for over a year. So what actually matters is everything else he put in there: Volta Apaluma Brick Dynamics. And cast finance. And, then that email that came in from cast finance and the fact that we had a cast finance board meeting the other day, and I didn't attend after talking to the CEO, who I don't want to invest in this company, cast finance. It's a low integrity founder. You can only lose one times your money in this business, right? So like I'm not interested in doing this six hundred k investment in cast finance after how the founder has behaved. You can't invest behind low integrity and make money. So. 
00:17:42 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
He doesn't know that, right? McLean doesn't know that. He's been manipulating this situation, and he just didn't realize that Matt isn't like the CEO of Cash. Finance is not like the others. He's lower integrity. Sometimes, you make a mistake in venture. ;, you only have to be right once per fund, right? So previously he was arbitrating that. He didn't approve of anything with cast finance. It's I'm pretty sure it's in the arbitration thing that he filed. Now he's saying that's the number one priority. And that I have to do it because he thinks that I get that, that I am anxious about it and I need to get it done, I'm not.
00:18:30 Michael Hino (Troutman)
The response to that is simply we we don't want to make them investment,
00:18:35 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
II think we don't even talk about it. Like I think we don't even address that or um Volta or uh Brick Dynamics and I think we simply just focus on Apoloma. We'll show them the evidence. Here's all the evidence you dig through it Ben, but it's all there. Okay so uh on Apoloma, Joe said that he will not approve pro rata for that deal. Until uh they come in and invest and present because that's the process. That's it. And, then that's all we that's what we uh do as a rebuttal and that it. And then see see what they come back with, which is going to be movement on the thing that we want, which is money. Because I I won't move on. He doesn't have leverage. He thinks he he manufactured leverage with uh with Cass and withum oh hello? What happened here? Oop. 
00:19:38 Joseph Guzel
Uh oh. My computer just died. Shit. I don't. Is it. 
00:20:16 Joseph Guzel
Sorry. That was crazy. Let's see.
00:20:54 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Can you all hear me? I am sorry, something crashed.
00:20:57 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Yep, we can hear you now.
00:20:58 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, sorry about that. Um, no worries. You lost me, I guess atum the the rebuttal. So I'll give you everything you need on the on the finance piece. No problem. I know I know what you need there. Um, okay, yeah.
00:21:10 Michael Hino (Troutman)
And again, not we just we just need and again, make it as simple as possible. We just need the emails, The financial documents, whatever it is You know. We don't need a summary. Just send us the documents and say, look at line six here. It was. One sixteen five. Yeah. Um, so you'll you'll send that to us, but again, the fund expense issue, that's one where your numbers are different than his. If, that's again, we don't we don't want to get into the personal expense issue. That's that's kind of separate. We're, we're trying to keep this in buckets. 
00:21:40 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
The only the only personal expenses that I have on. There are the ones that I had to take period, which were like my federal taxes and stuff, which which are obviously going to be paid back, nobody's nobody has ever said sure, if that's not the case. So, But the rest of the operating expenses that will foot with other historical operating expenses and that reconcile all of the cards. He's showing that he has eight hundred bucks of expenses. That's not correct. It's just not. I sent you those emails and PDFs that reconcile everything you could forward those to him, and it actually does the work that it needs. The ones I sent ahead of your call.
00:22:17 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
If you look, if you look at those PDFs, yeah, if you look at those PDFs, It shows exactly what he did relative to what I did and why what he did is wrong. If you open those PDFs.
00:22:25 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Yeah. Okay. All right so so you're going to send this stuff on the draw right? Right. The fund expense issue is that is that a simple one too?
00:22:34 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Or is that complicated? If, you guys, if if you read the PDF that I sent uh to you and Stephen like when you were like maybe five minutes into the call with Orik on Monday I think. I was trying to get it out. It took me a long time to to put it together and in that email, it will it will not give you all the source documentation that you want. That I'll pull together for you, even though it's based on it, in my models, right? It's I'm not just pulling those out of thin air. I'm using like thousand dollar a month, AI software and manual to do these with all the historical records PDF Amex statements SVB Amex statements from every account going back from twenty twenty two onward. I query them. I turn them into code. I recompile them. It's not a small thing. 
00:23:14 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Then you get that PDF based on that data that's in GitHub. So, um, That, that will give you the talking points of how to negate everything, at least in a much better fashion than I could ever do. Um, As to why just to demolish their their methodology and then just point it to get straight to the crux of what he wants, which which what he wants here is he is Apoloma and Volta are screwed. And he doesn't have any other responsibilities here that he can put his name behind. He needs a reason to exist. I gave him Autolab. Autolab, it was very important for him to get a board seat on that deal. It was my deal; I was on the board and everything, and then I rolled off because I can't do everything. I am one guy with no even Filipino VA like he has, right? So. 
00:24:11 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
He he wouldn't let that deal go through unless I gave unless I approved a board seat on it. He tries to take all my board seats away to make them neutral.
00:24:20 Michael Hino (Troutman)
I understand that's, I am with you on that.
00:24:23 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, So I am willing to let cash finance go to zero because it's not good business. And brick dynamics was not on the list of things I needed to invest in.
00:24:35 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Okay, All rightum so so but all right, so you are going to send us. And again, Joe, I don't want if this is going to be hours and hours and hours. You know, let us know. But ideally, you know, If you could just if we were to try and explain this to somebody who has nothing to do with this. This is why our number's right and their number's wrong. That's we're going keep it as simple as possible. Simple is better than than complicated.
00:25:03 Joseph Guzel
Yeah, that's that's all right. 
00:25:05 Michael Hino (Troutman)
So it's, It's on the fund expense issue and the partner draw. So simple as possible.
00:25:09 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
His expense model, right? It's it's designed to create an economic leverage. It's not a legitimate reconciliation. He he claims that that seven hundred ninety seven dollars in personal expenses over eight months is, is his reality, but it's contradicted in two seconds. It's not true, right? And so and so and it shows it in those in those documents that I sent. Right, it's just it's just wrong. So, um, the uh where where he's manipulating the numbers. Okay. Um is basically in uh so driver one, right, the discrepancy between eighty eight thousand dollars versus two hundred thirty three thousand dollars, the drive estimate, which is the biggest manipulation.
00:25:59 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
McLane's approach is that the quarterly draw eighty eight thousand dollars. My approach historical two hundred thirty three thousand, right? For the management fee gross draw, right? And then he uses eighty eight k because that he's saying that the current balance in the bank account is, the only cash that we have to work with which is not true. That's a fallacy.
00:26:31 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
We're truly happy.
00:26:34 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Send Me the info on the draw and the fund expense again, as simple as possible. And what we'll do is we'll take a look at that. But I think if I am understanding you, cash finance, we're not willing to invest in that.
00:26:47 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
That's not what we should tell him. We shouldn't even talk about it. Sincerely, like do not talk about, do not even mention cash finance brick dynamics orvolta they're not they're not, They, they are not part of the next conversation or the rebuttal or the email. Don't address them. The same way that he completely ignored my calculations and everything that I've been doing, I am the one that's suffering here, and I am telling you it's to do this. He he's because he knows what he's doing, and I am awake to the pattern. This is the pattern. Um, I will liquidate all of my retirement accounts over. I am not being emotional about it.
00:27:27 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Just hear me out. Sincerely, hear me out. Um, ignore Cass Finance. Do not respond to anything about Cass Finance. Do not respond to anything about Brick Dynamics or Volta. We will only respond to Apoloma as part of their rebuttal and and the uh the reconciliation on the finances. And we won't talk about another portfolio company except for that one, and we'll only talk about expenses. Anything else gets ignored.
00:27:56 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
That's the only way to do it.
00:27:57 Jordan Shockett
Can you give a little bit more of a reason why?
00:27:59 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Right, So the reason why is leveling with the reality of where Haven Ventures Fund One is as a fund vehicle in the normal course of business and in deployment into initial investments. We're a twenty twenty two vintage fund. We have done something like twenty five investments over the course of the history of this fund. We the fund is is overdrawn. Uh, it's closer to ninety, not overdrawn. I am sorry, closer to ninety five percent drawn uh out of a hundred. Given, we pulled from the line of credit very recently for the Pico deal that was strategic, right? We're in actuality on a cash basis, eighty three point six percent called down from our limited partners, invested in companies that are either active thriving doing just meh.
00:28:54 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
You know, flatlining or zombies or dead. There are approximately seven companies, Seven to nine that are the only things that matter around here right now because it's an unhedgeable asset class, right? Where we already are invested in these companies, they're in the portfolio. They've been in the portfolio from either in twenty twenty three, twenty uh two, twenty four or twenty five. We might have one check into them. We might have three checks into them, but we're in them. And there aren't many more investments to do.
00:29:37 Jordan Shockett
My, my question is my my question. Joe is why ignore instead of just saying no right.
00:29:45 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
What what uh if you, if we say no, he, what what I I'm pattern matching Jordan? It's a good question. And and and where we can kind of get copacetic here is I'm I'm. Just I've been on the other end of the same pattern from him with every company that has had a financing event that is part of the portfolio already cause. That's all we've been doing for the last um since last July. Last July. We invested in Tiger re that was the last.
00:30:15 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Initial net new portfolio company that we welcomed into the Haven One portfolio. We have not invested in a net new Delaware C Corp since then. We've deployed dollars though.
00:30:28 Jordan Shockett
Wait, let me hold on one second, Joe. Mike? Yeah. I'm trying to get straight to the point. Do you think it's an option to just flat out ignore? No, I think that's key. Do you think that makes sense?
00:30:42 Michael Hino (Troutman)
No, they're going to keep asking us over and over. I mean, I think we it seems like these companies are in a. 
00:30:47 Jordan Shockett
You don't need the pattern match. You don't need the pattern match. Why not? Right, like because we're not stupid.
00:30:54 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Well, I know you guys are definitely not stupid. You guys are incredibly smart, but but here is what happens to me, right? What what what and here is why it can work to our favor. This time is what I am trying to show you guys, which is a lot of shit to reconcile, but bear with meum. If you look at just here, The fact is, there hasn't been a net new investment that we've made in a net new company that added another notch to the belt on the portfolio since last July with Tiger Re. We decided that the portfolio had enough new deals in it. So, if you are investing money into something, it's only going into existing portfolio companies. That's only going to happen if.
00:31:39 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
You are intentional about it, or you are reactive about it. If you are intentional about it, you are trying to, you know, manufacture a round and buy up let's say your ownership. Weaponizing the capital. Or somebody else is coming along and doing a round tomorrow. Sequoia leads a round in something, and then we do our pro rata. Okay, now um. That's all that's been happening, like like these deals every set Pico Auto Lab, Anything any of these names you've heard since you guys uh came into the fold. Uh thank God for you all. Um have been things that that we've been invested in forever that I've been on the board of or maybe he's covering now. Um not all of those are going to be successful. We don't know yet, we know a few of them are unequivocally successful. The important thing is they are uh. 
00:32:32 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
All of them are actually in Haven's control, in that some other investor can't come and screw with them. I don't have to do anything defensively. Two, we own a lot of them. Three, we have controls. And four, it's not we don't have to do shit. I have the board seat or he does, right? And they're capitalized. 
00:32:58 Jordan Shockett
So so Mike step in, Step in, if you disagree with anything I am saying and you think of another approach. Joe, we we don't want to keep going in circles with them. Me neither, right? They're they're saying these are the outstanding issues. Let us respond to them. If it's a no, then it's a fucking no, right? That instead of instead of ignoring it, we say no.
00:33:26 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So so here is what happens though Jordan here is what's going to happen, Right where where where have I been having to play defense the whole time? Okay, is he's he's created the dispute. He's created the dispute, And then with each one of these companies that has been an existing portfolio company, I have lost power in them for the firm because he give. 
00:33:52 Jordan Shockett
Me a give me a Joe. I need you to do something. I really need you to do something. You can't think about, You know, We had a separate conversation about personal stuff about. 
00:34:04 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Whether to be on the defense.
00:34:05 Jordan Shockett
No, no, no, no, no. I am just saying we had a separate conversation you and I a long time ago about whether to be on the defense or the offense about something. And I told you like it doesn't matter. It does matter like that's not right.
00:34:16 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
It doesn't it doesn't I agree so with this,
00:34:19 Jordan Shockett
But we don't need to stoop to their level. We do need to respond to it because. 
00:34:23 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I know we need to respond to it, but but if we respond to everything, you guys are going to put me in the same situation. Like, if we can go ahead and do it your way and watch that watch exactly what plays out. I'm going to lose my board seat on Brick Dynamics for no reason. And he and I and he won't get one. It's just going be a neutral haven board seat. It's not good for my portfolio, and my LPS, I have a fiduciary responsibility here to do the best job I can. Right, so he's he's negating the work here.
00:34:54 Jordan Shockett
And we want we only Joe, we only want you to crush McLean. That's all we want.
00:35:00 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I don't this isn't about winning. However,
00:35:03 Jordan Shockett
If we but if if we send an email, if they have five questions, right? Whatever it is, if they have five questions and we only answer two of them, they are going to respond what about those three questions?
00:35:15 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But Jordan where where is my email? Where is my email? Where is my email then? Where is my shit? Where's my email? Where's my Amex bill? Where is my car note? Where is my car insurance? Where is all my stuff? Why why am I always answering questions. I'm done answering questions. Because there's nothing to do here. There's nothing to do anymore at Haven Ventures. The work is done.
00:35:37 Michael Hino (Troutman)
I think though, Joe, that I think that's the answer right there, is the work is done. It's done! So, we want to try. And so so the I think the goal should be, let's separate, right? Right! Let's not let's not go to arbitration and fight. Let's let's come up with a proposal, a plan to say these guys and Ben Aw agrees with me. You know, Joe and McLean need to go separate directions.
00:36:03 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Ben Aw is, is we should have gotten rid of him the minute that this started because I knew this was going to happen. I've been dealing with him for over a year. He doesn't he's lying he's continued to allow his client, He's not steering his client.
00:36:19 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Do you disagree that you need to separate from a claim?
00:36:21 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
No, that's not that's this is a total deflection here, Michael. Respectfully, like we're not talking about the obvious. We're talking about the non- consensus accurate reality, Which is Ben Aw as a legal representative of my partner, has not made any attempt that I've seen or that you've seen. To guide his client into a copacetic reasonable position to negotiate in good faith or in bad faith. So, anything that comes out of his mouth is not valid data. Like Joe,
00:36:57 Michael Hino (Troutman)
He's trying to do that too.
00:36:59 Jordan Shockett
I think he yes, I'm sorry Mike, keep going.
00:37:02 Michael Hino (Troutman)
No, he's trying to get to a point where he can he can resolve this. That's that's what he's trying to do.
00:37:08 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Well and this is what he came up with?
00:37:12 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Again it's it's a negotiation. 
00:37:14 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Right, It's exactly what I've been subjected to. Every time you guys are asking me to just go through Pico again twice right now when I don't have to. But if you say no, but if you say no to those things, what happens between me and the founders? What happens when a diligence call comes up and they call them about Joe Gazelle?
00:37:40 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Oh well, right now. I mean, they're going to say Joe Gazelle ignored it.
00:37:45 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Really? Well, no. Are they going to say Joe Gazelle ignored it when they don't get their money that now they assume is coming?
00:37:52 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Well, I think McLean's going to say," Gee, we reached out and Joe hasn't responded yet." Right.
00:37:59 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And then who's the problem in that case? Because, the founder is doing a very difficult thing, building up something out of nothing, and they take our money because they counted on us. Now, if. One fifty fifty partner continues to say that everything is all good. Yeah, we're totally in for brick dynamics for five hundred k, Even though McLean and I never talked about it aside from one text message in November. And then I have a call with the founder. Who I've known even for I've known this guy for fifteen years and guess what Like he's focused on his business. He wants that five hundred k. If am if am in the way, then I am just in the fucking way.
00:38:40 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Then let's see what Harvard endowment or one of these guys hears when they diligence. That's what he's doing.
00:38:45 Jordan Shockett
But if you, if you guys don't want to invest in it, that's or if you don't want to invest in it, well that's that is what it is.
00:38:53 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
We never even discussed it. We never discussed it. He put it on the table. We never discussed it. I never approved it yet, he's putting it up as leverage. Suddenly now its leverage my company. Where I have the board seat, all the responsibility in relationship.
00:39:07 Jordan Shockett
I don't view it as leverage.
00:39:08 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Well, no, now it's something I have to respond to. It was not on the table before; it was not on the investment plan. It's a high performing asset; it's the second best one in the portfolio. So now I have to. Now what happens is I have to engage now. He put it on the table instead, if I say nothing, then that's something he did not that I did. 
00:39:26 Jordan Shockett
By saying nothing by saying nothing you're still engaging Joe. 
00:39:30 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
By saying no, i'm saying no to the founder and. And that's what has consistently happened to me.
00:39:35 Jordan Shockett
And and by and by ignoring, and by ignoring, you are allowing McLean to say Joe's not making any decision. Joe's holding it up. Joe's this like no matter what McLean unless we settle and like get past this stuff, McLean is going to be able to say whatever he wants.
00:39:55 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I I I am he's always going to say whatever he wants. That's why it doesn't matter right so so no. 
00:40:00 Jordan Shockett
Not embarrassment. No, it's going to end with it. We're going to get to a non- embarrassment, but we have to get there. We have to I talked.
00:40:06 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I talked. My I talked to my second largest LP about this last week, Who's a very old friendum and they're a very reputable LP. Um and he, he gave me three other examples of the same thing happening in their portfolio with buyout funds, venture funds, blah blah. This happens all day if you are in that business, I guess right? Um and, He was like, dude, it's he's never going to stop talking shit. You get all the non disparagements you want, he's still going to be talking shit. He cares about the optics, McLean.
00:40:35 Jordan Shockett
So then so then so then so then Joe, then then it doesn't matter exactly. Then so it doesn't matter. So let us let us respond, Let us negotiate with Ben to try to come to a conclusion. We can't I am telling you Joe. I am telling you, just as a lawyer dealing with anything, if I ask five questions to anyone and they responded to two, I'll keep following up with the three, and I won't care about the two that they answered, because I am still waiting on the other three. So so like we we can't like I really like I am telling you. And like if Mike wasn't on the phone, I'd be calling you after to tell you like Joe. I am telling you. i am telling you We need to respond to everything. Forget. 
00:41:26 Jordan Shockett
The low blows, the cheap shots that McLean is doing, and how tempting it is to do it back. I am not even tempted. Forget about his patterns.
00:41:34 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I am not tempted.
00:41:34 Jordan Shockett
So let us so what I am saying is so Mike is listing out how we should respond to each thing, and you are saying to some of them that we should ignore.
00:41:42 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But if you but but if we forget about the patterns, how are we? We're just repeating the same thing and not, and we're not going to get the same result because I've been repeating the same thing and I haven't gotten any results. Jordan. So so so I've gotten nothing so far.
00:41:55 Jordan Shockett
Joe, we had Ben on the phone. Okay, we had Ben at the table.
00:42:01 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Ben's been at the table for two weeks.
00:42:04 Jordan Shockett
Okay, these things take time. Okay? Oh my gosh. Let us try.
00:42:10 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Let us try Joe he manufactured He manufactured leverage out of nothing. And we're ignoring that and saying it's not a pattern. His goal is to fuck up every one of my board seats That's, all he's done. It's the only thing he can do because he can't rewrite the pass, and he can't make the fund, not eighty three percent invested already. So what can he do now? Well,
00:42:36 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Mike, Mike, what do you think?
00:42:38 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I am just being logical here, guys.
00:42:40 Michael Hino (Troutman)
I agree with Jordan Joe. I think I think we need to and know we've talked about it. I mean as Jordan said, I mean am the same way. Hey hey Mike, I asked you about cast what's going on? He followed up with an email right? We, we can't just ignore it. And. Yeah, again, I continue to. 
00:42:57 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Think the fact that like like if we engage on cast, it's going to be the biggest. It's going to actually be the worst thing that happened to me out of this whole thing reputationally. And I am going to have to be answering to that in a way that is not easy,
00:43:15 Jordan Shockett
Saying no saying no versus ignoring is the same thing.
00:43:22 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Here's what's going to. But, do you guys not know that CAST already was approved by McLean and I prior to any of this shit happening in the fall? Now, he's putting me in a situation to say no, because who's the one that has the board seat for CAST? Me. Who's the one that manufactured every single round, including the one of this six hundred K that's in question? Me, right? So. So so what's happening is now I'm going to say no to a transaction that I had already approved copacetically. And it's going to look like if we were hypothetically in arbitration, what does that look like? Well, it looks like Joe flip- flopped. How many other times did Joe flip- flop?
00:44:12 Jordan Shockett
You want to approve it?
00:44:13 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
It's been approved since August.
00:44:16 Jordan Shockett
So then so then is it a yes? No.
00:44:21 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
It's not a yes.
00:44:22 Jordan Shockett
So why is it a no? So why is it a no now?
00:44:27 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Why should it. What is McClain saying that needs to happen though? What's he saying that needs to happen? They're all conditional. Four things on there are conditional. He said," Well, cast is the head fake." Okay. Cast is optically important. Because of the amount of money that we invested into it, it's the second largest check. It's not the second best company, and I fucked up on the underwriting with the founders. I've learned more about this founder; he's not a very good guy. The CEO of Cast and the cast of characters around it,
00:45:07 Jordan Shockett
You don't want to continue investing.
00:45:09 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I would very much not like to buy. I would very much. I am more happy. I would be way happier explaining. Why I was a good fiduciary and didn't put good money after bad with cast and all the very many things that are wrong here with respect to the CEO's behavior, the board's behavior, and my partner's behavior. Juxtaposed against all the other stuff, then anything else. Then why why I put in more money and let it go to zero and thought I was, you know knew what I was doing or whatever. That will suck. I'll have to talk about that for like ten years Jordan. That's how that's how annoying this this business is.
00:45:45 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Right, soum, like everything you talked about here, you're gonna talk about.
00:45:50 Jordan Shockett
So so is it so so Joe regarding caps? Is it a yes or a no? Let's not say what we're going to respond to Ben. Not what we're saying what we're saying to Ben.
00:46:01 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
The deal construct the deal. I don't even have the email open, but I remember it because it's etched in my brain because this is the game that they're playing. We negotiated, That it converts to a price round, a priced equity financing. They're trying to make it not according to that paragraph that's in there. It says about SAFE notes. I am not that is not something I can do as a fiduciary of this fund. Okay, it's supposed to convert to a thirty post valuation and everything converts simultaneously. I have all the leverage on Cast if I don't decide to do something, if I don't sign something, they can't do anything on Cast nothing. They have no power okay they're screwed. 
00:46:44 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Unless I so eventually, they'll have to come and comply and do what we agreed to, which is the right thing for the haven and for them. Okay. So I'm not worried about that at all. And think about it's the second largest check in the portfolio.
00:47:00 Jordan Shockett
You're you're you're telling us Joe, Let's let's let's like let's like try to get like straight like quick answers on these. What are what are you telling us to ignore?
00:47:14 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Your definition of" ignore" is what. 
00:47:18 Jordan Shockett
You are saying that we should ignore certain questions from bed.
00:47:22 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I am saying strategically here, I am trying to play some chess like they are okay.
00:47:26 Jordan Shockett
But what we're telling you is that as lawyers, as lawyers, They're going to keep asking that. And if we choose not to respond to any of it, we're going to get nowhere and we're going to have more calls.
00:47:45 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
We're Nowhere right now. We've made no progress since the forty five k.
00:47:48 Jordan Shockett
We have, we have, And and I think I think if you had just a little bit of faith, it might. I. 
00:47:56 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Do have all the faith in the world to you guys, that's why I am talking to you guys like peers. I am not mad at all. I am just trying to get you guys to see what you don't know.
00:48:05 Jordan Shockett
Good And, and we see it, and we hear you. 
00:48:08 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Because it's not going to go to arbitration. He's not going to go to arbitration It's, not happening.
00:48:13 Jordan Shockett
It's not, but I am telling you a very important joe. You are missing t. here is a really important point, and the important point is is that then whether it's deserved or not, and whether it's fair leverage or not. I don't even view it as leverage ; i's that he is going to be hyper fixated on us, not responding to it. Good, so let us respond good no, But then we're not going to go anywhere.
00:48:44 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
No, well then they'll parlay with, then maybe they'll parlay with us. They haven't given us anything.
00:48:51 Jordan Shockett
Joe, let us respond and push back.
00:48:54 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
He reached into. So what? So what do you suggest? I do with brick dynamics, where that one was not on the table whatsoever. Jordan? You gotta listen to me. I'm not being emotional. You guys are being very you guys are being very tunnel visioned right now, respectfully. I understand you're trying to get the task done, But you guys this is this whole gaslighting campaign here from them is very, is very contagious. This is never going to go to arbitration. I would I would have already liquidated all my retirement accounts, everything if that were the case. And I'm ready to do that. That's not saying I want to, obviously not. It's not going to happen. So if we can just look at this for what it is, which is just a.
00:49:34 Michael Hino (Troutman)
I think it's going to keep rolling forward and and the other issue is. You know, it's going to keep costing you more money, right? Because, we have to and we're going to send you our recommendations regarding potential arbitrators. We have to submit that on Tuesday tomorrow. Okay, so you know an arbitrator is going to get appointed. An arbitrator is going to start charging the parties, and you know, an arbitrator is going to start moving this towards a hearing. So, you know the more we can. 
00:50:04 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Can it be can it be cancelled? Can it be sorry to interrupt, But can it be cancelled from uh anytime from Tuesday on? Or does it have to happen after Tuesday?
00:50:12 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Well, no. I mean if the parties reach a settlement, then it won't happen. But if the parties don't reach a resolution, it's going to continue to roll towards an arbitration and we will have one.
00:50:23 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So after Tuesday, Does anything change with respect to the ability to negate or cancel or or end uh the process if a settlement is reached?
00:50:33 Michael Hino (Troutman)
No, nothing changes. Okay,
00:50:35 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So nothing changes. Nothing changes. Nothing changes here because even if that rolls through and an arbitrator gets appointed, he's still not going to go to arbitration. That's how confident I am.
00:50:47 Jordan Shockett
Yeah, but you're still incurring more costs. That's what Mike is saying at that point.
00:50:51 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I get it i But what else am I supposed to do?
00:50:57 Michael Hino (Troutman)
I think what we should do is focus on these. 
00:50:59 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Numbers because I just did the whole BOP thing. You guys forget I went through this already last year. All I've been doing for over a year is this.
00:51:08 Jordan Shockett
Joe, Joe, we understand how much bullshit you've been through. We, Joe, That's why that's why we're in your corner, and we're fighting really hard for it.
00:51:19 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But, we're trying to kill them with reasonableness and when it's not going to work, But.
00:51:26 Jordan Shockett
But it is, it is. And I and I think if you listen to Mike and listen to the plan, he has laid out, and if you are able to provide him, I know it's a pain, but if you are able to provide him with that documentation. Yes,
00:51:41 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I obviously can Jordan. Jordan there is no documentation in the world that I can't provide. Obviously. I give you guys eight hundred files like. Joe listen.
00:51:50 Jordan Shockett
Listen. Listen. If we go to arbitration and we're the only ones. Sticking with common sense, and we're only the ones making sense. What do you think the arbitrator is going to say? We're going to say," Joe Gazelle,
00:52:03 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
You are right," which he knows that.
00:52:06 Jordan Shockett
So what we're telling you, but hold on. But, what we're telling you right now is these are the steps to take for common sense. Sure, these are the steps that make sense. And, what happens is in arbitration is they're going to look at all our communication.
00:52:22 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
It's never going to go to arbitration if it does; I'll win. I will win. You guys haven't seen half the shit.
00:52:29 Jordan Shockett
No, we know, But we're saying,
00:52:32 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And you guys have all the docs you need in Titan by the way. If you just query Titan, you'll have everything you need.
00:52:37 Jordan Shockett
I know it is I it but Joe, it's thousands and thousands of documents. It's very hard. 
00:52:43 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
To go through.
00:52:44 Jordan Shockett
Okay, I can query them in two seconds That's. Why that's why you want like just a little bit of direction with within the documents right? Like you don't want you don't want me to spend three hours trying, Trying to find it and making sure because that's an extra couple grand, like that's stupid. Sure, right? So Joe, I really i could only encourage you and recommend. 
00:53:08 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Here is here is art. Okay, guys, You don't have to talk me off a cliff that I am already. I am already aligned with you on the stupid things that don't matter like this. That I am going to give you. I am trying to get you guys respectfully. You guys are badasses. Pick it up from the game a little bit and let's end this thing. We'll never end it like this. And I am the only one that's had to get sieged. I am under siege,
00:53:33 Jordan Shockett
Joe, Joe, Joe. The only it will never end, I am telling you, it will never end if we don't respond to everything. Jordan,
00:53:43 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Stop telling me respectfully to respond to everything. I will fine, we'll respond to everything, but your guys are going to respond how I tell you to respond. Because, because every time that we come back here, you guys have more homework for me. From new things that don't fucking mean anything that they surface and leverage. He reached into my pocket and pulled out brick. That was not fucking something that was a business issue. And you guys are completely ignoring it, focusing on what I am doing.
00:54:12 Jordan Shockett
No, we're not.
00:54:13 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Well, you haven't talked about it. What are we going to do about that one then? Jordan, what are you going to do about Brick Dynamics? That is like. Quite literally a successful business that we own twenty percent of, right? That, he called the founder without my knowledge and told them that we agreed to an uncapped note that I would never fucking do. And now we have to do it basically. And now I have to figure out how to do it and not fucking lose my rights on the board seat, Which my rights are haven rights, because who has the what matters here is the successful businesses.
00:54:48 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
We can only lose one times our money, or we can make a trillion times our money. It's roulette over here, man. There is no hedging. So, the reality is I have a sure fucking double zeros on roulette with brick. What's going to happen now? Am I going to be able to liquidate in two years after we go through this little dance? He did the same thing with Pico, he did the same thing with Autolab, he did the same thing with the others. He cares about board seats. And credibility, he needs credibility, he doesn't have it. So he's using fear, obligation and guilt to get that fucking control. And instead we're responding to his manipulation instead of the goal which is control. If what he wants is control, We should be fucking attacking the obvious thing that he's gone after every single time, because for fucking the whole time, that's all this has been. I've looked back on it, I've had a lot of time to think about it every single fucking time. 
00:55:44 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
This is exactly what he's done. He wants like a reason to exist.
00:55:50 Michael Hino (Troutman)
I I do it. I gotta I gotta jump by the way, I got another call here, but uh,
00:55:53 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I actually feel like this was very productive by the way. Thank you.
00:55:57 Michael Hino (Troutman)
All right, well Jordan, You know my position and and yeah, um I'm aligned with you. So so Joe, if you can shoot us that info, um and yeah, I mean, i'm with jordan. I think we do need to respond even if it's a no,
00:56:08 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I'm already agreed. I'm already agreed with that. I know okay sure great, It's is I would love to hear from you guys on this next rebuttal when we're deeper down the rabbit hole here because we're going to have to fight a multi-pronged fucking war now, depending on how this response goes. If it's no, then that's something. If it's something else like neutral, like giving him a homework assignment on those portfolio companies, Which is what I am going to give you guys to respond to with each one. It's not a yes or no; it's this or that.
00:56:43 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Right, and then we'll get well you'll have the financial data that you need. If we say no, then I am fucked. It's just true. I don't know what else to tell you. The sky's blue, grass is green, And if we say no to things that he manufactured leverage that he was not supposed to have.
00:57:08 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Well, I mean instead of saying no like you could say that I do have the stuff. So Jordan, let's do this. You talk to Joe and maybe give me a call over the weekend. Appreciate you,
00:57:16 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Michael. Thank you so much. You know,
00:57:18 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Monday morning we can connect and figure out where we go from here. All right? Appreciate it. Thank you. All right, Talk to guys Mike. Thank you. You guys might get disconnected I'm not sure I don't know how just call my cell Jordan,
00:57:27 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But okay, all right, I'm going to hang up Maybe you guys can continue Yeah. Thanks, Yeah Joe Hey. 
00:57:34 Jordan Shockett
Buddy Joe Hey Yep Listen instead of saying no. Right, we don't need to say yes or no. We could say this wasn't discussed. This wasn't agreed, right? Like there's a different witness. I'm sorry, I think I wasn't clear on how I was talking about it. Instead of saying no, we could say this wasn't discussed. This wasn't agreed upon. Show us evidence where Joe agreed to this, right? Like we can respond that way.
00:58:04 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, I mean look. 
00:58:10 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I just yeah, The response, the response only matters, if you if you know where the leverage points are and where they are Jordan is um. Notice he left my things off the table. He never addressed the Amex. He never addressed anything that I. We spent a lot of time getting to the point to where we thought we were going to be moving things along. They gave they caved on the forty five k. Knowing that, that was a non give. And it was something that was supposed to go through, anyways compliantly, so he could point to it and say, "I did that." With all this other stuff, I am going to be able to prove it's just fucking a fact of life. I am not dick measuring. He didn't author any documents here or do anything. And it's so fucking true. It's so true. It's not like God or something; it's just fucking true, okay? Any retarded judge will fucking agree to it when they see it unless.
00:59:04 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
They have no business being there.
00:59:05 Jordan Shockett
So, so, so exactly, exactly. So let's lay it out. So let's lay it out so that they know that. That's it.
00:59:13 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yes, and I already did. Okay, So we'll do it again and we'll respond to Jordan Cast Finance Cast Brick is one that he can turn into a huge problem for me. Okay? You, you need you need to focus on the only thing that matters at a venture capital firm or a private equity fund or a hedge fund is the fucking portfolio. I don't matter. That thing matters. The fees don't matter, that matters, especially when it's a good fucking fund. I'm really good at this. I just sold Step to MrBeast, did you see that one? Okay, Like so I have I have businesses here that are worth a lot of money. The only things that matter are the ones that are worth a lot of money. Why?
01:00:01 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Because we already did twenty five investments, and they either work or they don't, and that's how it works. And a couple of them return, all of the returns, really one of them usually or two of them. The rest of them are zombies, and they won't get you anything. And then you move on to the next one. That's where I am at here.
01:00:17 Jordan Shockett
I understand, okay,
01:00:20 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I I am not trying to educate you on venture capital.; I am trying to make. I am trying to remind you why these things that are in that email matter.: Cast Finance Brick Volta Apolloma.
01:00:32 Jordan Shockett
So, do me a favor. Take twenty minutes. It doesn't have to be full sentences. Send only to me. Respond to each thing. Just send it to you, send it to my Gmail, I don't care. This is separate for trauma. Send it to me, let me look at it, Let me respond, and let's come up with something, but we need you need to figure out a way. 
01:00:58 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Because the subject. Friend, okay, take your troutman hat off. You have to believe me at this point that everything you've seen here and thank you for thank you for everything. I've heard from guys with uh with with the thing. Just let me finish. Like like like like, oh oh thank you, okay. And and so look, man, this I I know what this guy's about now. And I am not stressed. I should be, but I am not. Don't be stressed.
01:01:23 Jordan Shockett
Am not You shouldn't be You shouldn't be. 
01:01:26 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And neither is Ash Like like, And so, it's not I am not like that anymore. Why am I not stressed, Jordan? Okay, it's not because I suddenly have all my bills paid; I don't. I am stressed because my portfolio is safe or i am not stressed because my portfolio is safe, but i don't have to do anything. I sincerely don't have to do anything and the things that are on the table to do minus. What he's manufacturing with brick, which I wouldn't mind doing that actually. That's good business. I don't like the deal that Brick's proposing, whatever, but like that's a winning company. I would very much like him to accidentally, let me easily do that five hundred k cast finance. I would love any fucking reason not to do that. 
01:02:19 Jordan Shockett
Go. I have to, I also have to go okay, Do me a favor, send it to my email or send it just to me. Don't include anyone else.
01:02:28 Joseph Guzel
Send jot down, how you would like for us to respond to each thing in a way where we respond to each thing.
01:02:35 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, you got it. You got to get it with your guys. I'll get on paper, But you got gotta fucking level with your guys that they can't keep negotiating with Ben like he's a peer. I told you guys when he started that he's not a fucking peer, That he's conflicted, and we got to get him out of here hundred percent, and you guys didn't listen to me. And now here we are, But.
01:02:52 Jordan Shockett
No, we are no, But we are and we're getting we're at a point where they're going to look like fuck parts in front of an arbitrator.
01:02:59 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
They don't care about that. They don't care about that. They don't trust me,
01:03:03 Jordan Shockett
Trust me, trust me. They do. They cannot look bad in front of an arbitrator. They can't. That's their that's the firm's reputation. They can't. 
01:03:13 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Like not just that. What what do you think that gag order line is? Like, what what's what do you think? The strategy behind him, putting he's trying to get me to agree to a gag order? He slipped that in there.
01:03:22 Jordan Shockett
It's I mean, there's no you're not even yeah, it's all done. Okay,
01:03:26 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So suddenly I'm suddenly I'm agreeing to gag orders?
01:03:30 Jordan Shockett
No, we're not agreeing to that. But do me a favor because I really have to get off. Okay. Please just jot down send it. Okay Love you All right, I love you Joe We'll figure this out Appreciate you Bye All right. 
01:03:47 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Ironically. That was the most heated call I've ever had with them Yeah What'd.