00:00:13 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Hey. Hi. How are you? Hi, I'm good. How are you? I am good. I know we always have our weekly calls, so I just thought I would check in and see how are you?
00:00:23 Speaker 3
Yeah, no worries. Um, I'm good. Great. Thanks for checking in. Yeah, how's it been lately? Yeah, how's it been with the plan? Um yes so uh we, Well, um, nothing has changed. I think it's still uh email management and uh calendar management scheduling. Yeah.
00:00:46 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Okay, so just simple, just same similar tasks. Has it been busy or less busy or just same?
00:00:55 Speaker 3
Um, less busy. Well, we had a meeting I think yeah last monthum so he was thinking of a of.
00:01:05 Speaker 3
It's a financial spreadsheet. He has to input some numbers. Like the amounts, um, and yeah. You can't do that for him. Okay,
00:01:41 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Well whatever you're doing, you know.
00:01:43 Speaker 3
Alright. That's good. So, we were on a call for like about an hour while he was trying to figure it out. Um so like like he couldn't yet at that moment, so he said that he'll get back to me. Um or might as well just do it. Um yeah for him, becauseum even you know himself, he still like piquing out. Um, how he should do it.
00:02:07 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
How how you should what?
00:02:09 Speaker 3
Um, how how you should complete that spreadsheet.
00:02:12 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Yeah. Oh okay. So the last time you spoke to him was a month ago? Yes. Oh nice one. So like like how many hours a week are you working on average with them?
00:02:26 Speaker 3
Ohum, there are weeks thatum like there's no like scheduling, Um, like especially when he's um he's traveling. So sometimes I would just, you know, do some follow up um emails to you know, to move things forward like the scheduling. Um people are not responding, but um really less. Uh work for me. Uh yeah. So I just like proactively check his emails if there's something um urgent or yeah those that are unread and then I ping him through Slack. Um that you know he has to check.
00:03:01 Speaker 3
Uh, an urgentum, urgent email and then I sort emails for him.
00:03:06 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Okay. Okay. Um, You still have like all access and everything to help him in the email and just to jump in or? And you're still booking his travel or?
00:03:18 Speaker 3
No. Um, that's the only travel. Yeah. I mean the last time that we talkedum that was the only travel that Ium that he asked me. He asked me to to book for him.
00:03:29 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Hmm. So, it's it's really just beenum kind of slow and not much tasks. Andum but the last the last travel destination that that you booked, what was that?
00:03:52 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Uh No, no, no, that was last year. Um remember we had a Zoom call. Uh, but you walked me through like.
00:04:02 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Understood. So, like, What other I guess tasks besides just emails and checking have you been doing or just waiting or has it been really just stalled?
00:04:12 Speaker 3
No, no other task. I mean, I just him i him every day to offer help if he needs anything. Um and uh, yeah, he's responsive like he would, you know, always respond with good morning, butum and nothingum I mean, no, no. Additional task for me. Um, he just like sent me an email like to uh to help coordinate meetings. Um, no other I don't tasks at all.
00:04:39 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
So, he's still using you for for meetings and sending emails consistently or it's just been kind of slow? And then do you meet with him on Zoom or call or email? Or are you meeting with him at all? Or is it really just kind of chat?
00:04:54 Speaker 3
Uh yeah, no more no more meetings. Uh and then yeah, he still uses me. Consistently for coordination, And then also like what they call this when we, when he has to reschedule. So I'm actually managingum his other new calendar now or new Google account.
00:05:12 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Oh, what's that? What do you mean?
00:05:14 Speaker 3
It's yeah, it's whiskey hill dot g c.
00:05:19 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Oh, So you're like managing a whole new kind of like uh email account for him or a new task? Or is it just kind of he just said, hey, here's a new email. Can you manage it?
00:05:29 Speaker 3
Yes, So like everythingum revolves around evenum Google account calendar, and then you would want me toum see everything to his new calendar. Um.
00:05:43 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Has, it been more busy in the new calendar or more tasks? Or is it just uh like what is it Is it just you know a new initiative? Or is it just pretty much the same task, the same you know thing.
00:05:55 Speaker 3
Uh yeah uh pretty much the same. He just wants me to book everythingum through his new Google account. And then just uh copy hisum even account uh for some scheduling. Yeah. So if all the communication with the uh these partners or some clients, um everything is through even but when he wants to send out the invite, he wants to use his new Google account.
00:06:23 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Got it okay and and I mean how long has that been like. Just not that long, or just started.
00:06:30 Speaker 3
Um, maybeum two months three.
00:06:34 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Oh okay so two to three months. Um okay has has they have they brought up anything about a dispute. Um nope. Oh, okay, good, yeah. Um so two to three months, you pretty much transferred and said, hey, you know, we have a new type of initiative, but still. Um, like it's the same tasks, but it's still minimal. It's not like it's a lot. It's not like because with the new initiative, it's not expedited or more work. It's just pretty much the same. And, you haven't had a meeting in I. Don't know excuse me for a while. Um, When so pretty much has been like how many months since really this new initiative or everything has started? Is it. Is it just like the slowdown occurred? When was there a drop off? Or.
00:07:27 Speaker 3
Um, I think after the new year. Um, yeah. Looks like because um, What uh when he had this trip, like uh visiting some family you know for the holidays? And then yeah, so he was um kind of good at like explaining things like hey, I might not be available um like tomorrow have a travel. Um so and that's when yeah he has traveled with his family. And yeah looks like it's after Christmas.
00:07:58 Speaker 3
Got it.
00:08:08 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Okay, And and he's been, you know, pretty communicative whenever that's happened, just straightforward, no issues. You know, if you need to travel to I, don't know New Mexico or, you know anywhere else or how's that been.
00:08:21 Speaker 3
Yes, yes, um he would let me know, and thenum yeah, he would send me a message like, uh. The travel, ah, but yeah, He would always let me know about his trip, and then would have to add them to his calendar. So I know uh when he's traveling. And yeah, uh he's always yeah like I saidum he's very responsive. Like if I have a knowledge whenever I need help.
00:08:45 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
You have a good relationship with him. Okay, just making sure you know, just if there's any issues that arise or everythingum and. Again, like you, You really try to show that you're helpful, and you always communicate, great. And there shouldn't be any issues, right? Yes.
00:09:01 Speaker 3
Definitely. No. Um, actually yes. Um, I'm still like helping, for example, last time I think uh, what's the day today Like Monday or last Friday. Um so there I mean, I had to coordinate a meeting withum him another guy and Joe. So Joe's still in the loop Oh, yeah.
00:09:23 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
What was that, Are they okay You were you coordinating that What was that.
00:09:27 Speaker 3
Oh yeah I meanum so when it's a group meeting it I mean he has to meet with another client. Let's say the name is Chris, so Chris Mclean, and then Joe so I mean I justum add Joe to the, you know, um invites okay. And then yeah, because every time he wouldum copy me to some emails. Joe is always. Always, like almost always in theum in the emails and uh yeah, butum not sure. Well, maybe I don't knowum like about before, like they had to, he had to let him go. Uh I mean in some of the businesses because he has multiple businesses, right? Um yeah and wait,
00:10:16 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
What what do you mean? Let go who Chris or Joe or what Joe. Oh, like. 
00:10:36 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
You Go. Oh yes, yes, yes. Okay, got it. I understand that you're saying that. Sorry, I thought you were saying like now or later. Sorry, got it. I understand. Um, on those emails with him, Joe and others like Joe's and and him are responding and everything's okay there.
00:10:55 Speaker 3
Yes, yes, yes. Um, It's just like Joe never talks to me at all anymore after that after what happened.
00:11:04 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Right right right got it. Oh so he but uh is Joe responding on email?
00:11:10 Speaker 3
Yes, yes, um causeum when there's a lot of like back and forth with otherum like guys in the meeting.
00:11:40 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Email Joe.
00:11:46 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Let's be clear. I'm trying to understand that.
00:11:48 Speaker 3
Yeah, okay, let me see because I just always see hisum name here. Let me check again if this is,
00:11:57 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
And just so, you know, everything me and you talk about has confidential. I'm always taking care of you. I just want to make sure that. 
00:12:03 Speaker 3
Yeah, yes, um Joe's he the email is still active.
00:12:07 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Got it and he's he's responding right? He's everything's okay there?
00:12:12 Speaker 3
Mhm yes so cause uh when, He when McLean forwards an email, you know, with some back and forth already with uh some guys. Um I see that uh he's still working with withum what do you call this? With Joe. So he was clear, I mean, McLean was clear thatum he had to part ways with Joe in some of his businesses or one business.
00:12:37 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Okay. And and but Joe is still responding from the the Haven joe at haven dot b c email in. Or which email exactly, just for the businesses or.
00:12:49 Speaker 3
Yeah, I will check that again to confirm. Just want to make sure, be clear. Yeah, yes okay.
00:12:57 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Just just want to be clear, like which businesses you say, you know, gets to be part part ways with just so that I know and and coordinateum everything right right. Um yeah yeah it's like do am I responding? That's all kind of good.
00:13:27 Speaker 1
So He didn't respond here in this email about okay. Okay, Cause uh for example, there's someone it's uh his name is Chris and thenum messaging Joe and McLean.
00:13:43 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Right, But which email is it? Joe at haven dot b c or is it another email?
00:13:48 Speaker 3
Um, he didn't respond to this email, butum, he sent the email to joe at haven.
00:13:55 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Okay, But but is Joe replying to any emails or anything joe at haven dot b c.
00:14:03 Speaker 3
Um no, there is no email from me uh from Joe in this email thread,
00:14:07 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
And there's just these two messages. And there's no responses and there's none of that so like, There's like he has Joe and Joe is because of the you said that you removed them from some of the businesses, at least the Haven one. There's not been any responses on that from Joe. Right. On that joe at haven dot b c email. Right, got it right okay since since when? Like Christmas or since overall that you've been coordinating or?
00:14:34 Speaker 3
Mm- hmm, I can't wait I'm going through someum. 
00:14:53 Speaker 3
Okay. Um, I'm seeing an email here saying. Yeah, he's he's using his personal email. Uh, but this was really uh for me. Okay.
00:15:07 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Okay, so there hasn't been any recent. I can assume t here is not been any recent responses from Joy Haven. And what you are saying is, you know, he said McLean had to, I guess, remove him from i guess his haven. It seems uh got it understood that the other businesses they're still working on or whatever.
00:15:23 Speaker 1
Mhm yeah okay,
00:15:28 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Huh okay. I mean it's complicated scenario between the two law firms. I am trying to stay out of it. I know you are too. It makes it, You know, very as you probably know, I don't know if you do. Uh, you know we're trying to stay as neutral as possible. Me and you. Um, which is good. And but as long as I want to make sure you are okay with obviously, everything. You know um I know you want other work and other jobs and trying to figure that out and I am going to continue to do that um but I know, You know, because McLean is not using you often. So so it's like I want to make sure.
00:16:04 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
We provide value, right? So.
00:16:06 Speaker 3
Yeah, I appreciate that. Um, well, Um to tell you more also about uh you know, Joe and Joe in Haven before. So it was a lot of work afterum Haven decided I'm. Sorry, Montaigne decided toum and to remove him from from Haven. Because uh, there were like too many scheduling, uh, because they had to talk about it with everybody.
00:16:33 Speaker 3
Like the restructuring, whatever.
00:16:37 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Ah, So ultimately, you scheduled everything with all the, what is it LPS or the portfolio to tell them that you know, Joe is no longer. Is that what you are saying?
00:16:49 Speaker 3
Yes, and the board meetings too. I mean they had to talk through all of those through email. So I just yeah. 
00:16:58 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Got it and it was just like, I don't know if you know the differences, like LPS or is it more portfolio or I don't know if you've been. I'm not sure. Okay, no worries. No, I'm just curious. Okay. Um, all right. I mean that's a complicated scenario and I'm sorry that you know, I i also was kind of like tied, so i stayed as neutral as possible. Um but it is what it is this part of the businesses. Yeah.
00:17:30 Speaker 3
Right. Um, but Joey is good. I mean, I think I mean, I feel like um he's strong. I mean in in terms of communicating with clients when I, you know when when I was attending some of the meetings like his right um his his power. But uh he was uh like McLean said um after what after what okay this um, I hope am remembering it. I remember it right?
00:18:00 Speaker 3
He did, um, to you know, to the relationship when McLean and I was working together with with Joe before.
00:18:07 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
This was before. This was like last year. Yes. Okay,
00:18:11 Speaker 3
Got it. Yes, And then that's when they had you know the conflict or sure in terms of yeah, yeah,
00:18:20 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Yeah, the conflict. Okay. You haven't been tied into being in the middle of it all? You're just super neutral?
00:18:28 Speaker 3
Yes no nothing at allum glad. 
00:18:33 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Yeah, Same with me. You know, I've been trying to stay neutral and not really involved with either one of them. You know, that's why I'm like, I'm just making sure. You know, I don't want to be an issue with either one of them, and you know, I like them both and I know you do too. And just trying to be as professional right?
00:18:48 Speaker 1
Yes exactly.
00:18:50 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Okayum. I mean, okay, if there's anything you know beyond that, you feel like you want to tell me or or. I'm here, obviously in support of you and you work with me. And so obviously it's part of our service when we say scale partner. But and I'm gonna try and get you more work there, okay?
00:19:07 Speaker 3
Yes, I so look forward to it. Okay.
00:19:10 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Um And everything we talk about here, I hope you can keep confidential. I keep it confidential just in case like, You know, if you brought up an issue or whatever want to put you in a position, You know same with your right? Appreciate that No absolutely yeah I get thatum That's why I was like You know if there's anything that he didn't. I don't want it to be a haven thing. I want it to always be a scale partner. I think that makes sense, right? Yeah, that makes sense. Cool. Um, well, no, I just wanted to check in. I'll keep you updated, But yeah, because there's not a lot of work with McLean and just everything, you know, I just want to keep providing value, or you know there it just because then I don't want them to terminate us as a potential. You know, obviously, if we don't provide more work and value, and that's why I'll figure out how to work for for you separately. I'm going to keep doing that but. 
00:19:57 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Just wanted to, you know.
00:19:59 Speaker 3
Yes, yes, appreciate that. Um, have you been in touch with McLean?
00:20:04 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Um, I had an email with him where he mentioned, You know, there's not a lot, and that's why, you know, I raised an alarm to call you and see what's going on, but that's it.
00:20:12 Speaker 3
Oh okay got it. Yeahum but glad I mean, but he's still responding.
00:20:19 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
So Exactly That's what I was making sure and make sure you be the best for him, and that's it.
00:20:24 Speaker 3
Mhm yeah he just responded also this morning, Okay. Yes,
00:20:32 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
Absolutely. Um, okay. Well, Let me know, I'm always here for you, call, you later always here, and you let me know of any issues or anything, or it seems you have any questions. Travel booking meetings You know I'm here to support you and the client Yeah for sure, absolutely Thank you so much for checking in Jackson Hey always here for you Thank you. Thank you. And everything again, just saying anything you would bring up, I would bring up. It's confidential. Yeah, thank you. No, thank you. Appreciate it. All right, thanks man. Take care guys.
00:21:08 Speaker 1
Thank you for that, of course, dude, what the fuck, what the fuck. 
00:21:14 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
I don't have to explain that too much to give our position away. But there you go.
00:21:19 Speaker 1
Yeah, what do you think?
00:21:23 Jason Tiger (Tiger Re)
What do you make of that? That's everything. You know, i didn't get anything that you didn't know. Yeah, there was nothing that was like, he's using your email, so he didn't. And then there was he just he definitely the only thing that it confirms, which is probably what you already know is that he's still having a lot when he terminated it.
00:21:41 Speaker 1
I didn't really understand like how methodically he was going about.