00:00:00 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Can you all hear me? I'm sorry, something crashed. Yep, we can hear you now. Yeah, sorry about that. Um. No worries. You lost me, I guess at uh the the rebuttal. So I'll give you everything you need on the on the finance piece, no problem. I know I know what you need there. Um, okay, yeah, again,
00:00:17 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Not we just we just need and again, make it as simple as possible. We just need the emails to the financial documents. Whatever it is You know. We don't need a summary. Just send us some documents and say, look at line six. Here it was. It's one sixteen five, right? So you'll send that to us. But again, the fund expense issue, that's one where your numbers are different than his. If that's again, we don't want to get into the personal expense issue. That's kind of separate. We're trying to keep this in buckets here.
00:00:47 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
The only personal expenses that I have on there are the ones that I had to take period, which were like my federal taxes and stuff, which are obviously going to be paid back. Nobody has ever said that's not the case. So, But the rest of the operating expenses that will foot with other historical operating expenses and uh that reconcile all of the cards. He he's showing that he has eight hundred bucks of expenses. That's not correct. It's just not. I sent you those emails and PDFs that reconcile everything you could forward those to him. And it actually does the work that it needs, The ones I sent ahead of your call.
00:01:23 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
If you look, if you look at those PDFs, yeah. If you look at those PDFs, It shows exactly what he did relative to what I did and why what he did is wrong. If you open those PDFs. Yeah.
00:01:33 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Okay. All right, so so you're going to send this stuff on the draw? Right? Right. The fund expense issue is that is that a simple one too?
00:01:40 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Or is that if complicated guys? If, you read the PDF that I sent uh to you and Stephen like when we were like maybe five minutes into the call with Auric on Monday I think. I was trying to get it out. It took me a long time to to put it together. And in that email, It will. It will not give you all the source documentation that you want that I'll pull together for you, even though it's based on it in my models. Right? It's I'm not just pulling those out of thin air. I'm using like thousand dollar month AI software and manual to do these with all the historical records PDF Amex statements S P B Amex statements from every account going back from twenty twenty two onward. I query them, I turn them into code, I recompile them. It's not a small thing.
00:02:21 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Then you get that PDF based on that data that's in GitHub. So, um, That, that will give you the talking points of how to negate everything, at least in a much better fashion than I could ever do. Um, As to why just to demolish their their methodology and then just point it to get straight to the crux of what he wants, which which what he wants here is he is Apolloma and Volta are screwed. And he doesn't have any other responsibilities here that he can put his name behind. He needs a reason to exist. I gave him Autolab. Autolab, it was very important for him to get a board seat on that deal. It was my deal, I was on the board and everything, and then I rolled off because I can't do everything. I'm one guy with no even Filipino VA like he has, right? So. 
00:03:18 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
He he he wouldn't let that deal go through unless I gave unless I approved a board seat on it. He tries to take all my board seats away to make them neutral.
00:03:26 Michael Hino (Troutman)
I understand that's, I'm with you on that.
00:03:29 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, So I had to reduce my percentage down to zero because it's not good business and Brick. Dynamics was not on the list of things I needed to invest in. Okay,
00:03:42 Michael Hino (Troutman)
All rightum so so all right so you're going to send us, And again, John, I don't want if this is going to be hours and hours and hours. You know, let us know. But ideally, you know, If you could just if we were to try and explain this to somebody who has nothing to do with this. This is why our number's right and their number's wrong. That's keep it as simple as possible. Simple is better than complicated.
00:04:09 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, that's that's all right so It's. 
00:04:12 Michael Hino (Troutman)
It's on the fund expense issue and the partner draw. So simple as possible.
00:04:16 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
His expense model, right? It's it's designed to create an economic leverage. It's not a legitimate reconciliation. He he claims that that$ 797 in personal expenses over eight months is, is his reality, but it's contradicted in two seconds. It's not true, right? And so and so I shows it in those in those documents that I sent. Right, it's just it's just wrong. So um the uh where where he's manipulating the numbers, okay um is basically in uh so. So so driver one, right, the discrepancy between eighty eight thousand dollars versus two hundred and thirty three thousand dollars. The draw estimate, which is the biggest manipulation.
00:05:06 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
McClain's approach is that the quarterly draw$ 88, 000. My approach historical 233, 000 right for the management fee gross draw, right? And thenum he uses 88 K because that's he's saying that the current balance in the bank account is the only cash that we have to work with, which is not true.
00:05:33 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
That's a fallacy.
00:05:37 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Or truly,
00:05:40 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Yeah. Send me the info on the draw and the fund expense again, as simple as possible. And what we'll do is we'll take a look at that. But I think if I'm understanding you, cash finance, we're not willing to invest in that.
00:05:53 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
That's not that's not what we should tell him. I We shouldn't even talk about it. I sincerely like do not talk about Do not even mention, Cash finance brick dynamics or Volta. They're, not they're not they they are not part of the next conversation or the rebuttal or the email. Don't address them. The same way that he completely ignored my calculations and everything that I've been doing, I am the one that's suffering here? And I am telling you it's to do this. He, he's cause he knows what he is doing, and I am awake to the pattern. This is the pattern, um, I will liquidate all of my retirement accounts over. 
00:06:32 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I'm not being emotional about it. Just hear me out. Sincerely hear me out. Um, ignore Cass Finance. Do not respond to anything about Cass Finance. Do not respond to anything about Brick Dynamics or Volta. We will only respond to Apolloma as part of their rebuttal and and the uh the re the reconciliation on this, on the on the finances. And we won't talk about another portfolio company except for that one, and we'll only talk about expenses. Anything else gets ignored. 
00:07:02 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
That's the only way to do it.
00:07:03 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Can you give a little bit more of a reason why?
00:07:06 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Right, So the uh the reason why is uh is is leveling with the reality of where Haven Ventures Fund One is as a fund vehicle in the normal course of business and in deployment into initial investments. We're a twenty twenty two vintage fund. Uh, we have done something like twenty five investments over the course of the history of uh this fund. We the fund is is overdrawn, uh is closer to 90, not overdrawn. I'm sorry, closer to 95 drawn. Uh out of a hundred given we pulled from the line of credit very recently for the Pico deal that was strategic, right. We're in actuality on a cash basis, eighty three point six percent called down from our limited partners, invested in companies that are either active thriving doing just meh.
00:08:01 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
You know, flatlining or zombies or debt. There are approximately seven companies, Seven to nine that are the only things that matter around here right now because it's an unhedgeable asset class, right? Where we already are invested in these companies, they're in the portfolio. They've been in the portfolio from either in 2023, 20 uh two, 24 or 25. We might have one check into them. We might have three checks into them. But, we're in them, and there are nine. 
00:08:43 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
More investments that I might ignore, instead of just saying no right.
00:08:51 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
What what? Uh, if you if we say no he what? What I I'm pattern matching Jordan. It's a good question. And and and where we can kind of get copacetic here is I'm I'm. Just I've been on the other end of the same pattern from him with every company that has had a financing event that is part of the portfolio already cause. That's all we've been doing for the last um since last July. Last July. We invested in Tiger Re. That was the last initial net new portfolio company that we welcomed into the Haven One portfolio. We have not invested in a net new Delaware C Corp since then. We've deployed dollars though.
00:09:35 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Wait, let me hold on a second, Joe Mike. Yeah, we're trying to get straight to the point. Do you think it's an option to just flat out ignore? No, do you think that's that's. 
00:09:49 Michael Hino (Troutman)
No, they're going to keep asking us over and over. I mean, I think we it seems like these companies are already. 
00:09:53 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Like you don't need the pattern match. You don't need the pattern match. Why not? Right? Like because we're not stupid.
00:10:01 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Well, I know you guys are definitely not stupid. You guys are incredibly smart but but here's what happens to me right? What what what? What and here's why it can work to our favor. This time is what I'm trying to show you guys, which is a lot of shit to reconcile, but bear with meum. If you look at just here, The fact is, there hasn't been a net new investment that we've made in a net new company that added another notch to the belt on the portfolio since last July with Tiger Re. We decided that the portfolio had enough new deals in it. So if you're investing money into something, it's only going into existing portfolio companies. That's only going to happen if.
00:10:45 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
You're you're intentional about it or you're reactive about it. If you're intentional about it, you are trying to, you know, manufacture a round and buy up, let's say your ownership uh weaponizing the capital. Or somebody else is coming along and doing a round tomorrow. Sequoia leads a round in something. And then we do our pro rata. Okay now um, That's all that's been happening. Like like these deals, Everyset, Pico, uh Autolab. Anything, any of these names you've heard since you guys uh came into the fold. Uh, thank god for you. All um have been things that that we've been invested in forever that I've been on the board of or maybe he's covering now. Um not all of those are going to be successful. We don't know yet. We know a few of them are unequivocally successful. The important thing is they are uh. 
00:11:38 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
All of them are actually in Haven's control, in that some other investor can't come and screw with them. I don't have to do anything defensively. Two, we own a lot of them. Three, we have controls. And four, it's not we don't have to we don't have to do shit. I have the board seat or he does, right? And they're capitalized so. 
00:12:05 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
So Mike, Step in, Step in, if you disagree with anything I am saying and you think of another approach. Joe, we we don't want to keep going in circles with them. Me neither, right? They're they're saying these are the outstanding issues. Let us respond to them. If it's a no, then it's a fucking no, right? Then instead of instead of ignoring it, we say no.
00:12:33 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So here. So here is what happens, though. Jordan here is what's going to happen. Right, where where where where have I been having to play defense the whole time? Okay, is he's he's created the dispute.
00:12:47 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
He's created a dispute. And then with each one of these companies that has been an existing portfolio company, I have lost power in them for the firm. Because he, Do me a do me a Joe, I need you to do something. I really need you to do something. You can't think about, You know, We had a separate conversation about personal stuff about whether to be on the defense. No, no, no, no, no. I am just saying we had a separate conversation you and I a long time ago about whether to be on the defense or the offense about something. And I told you like it doesn't matter. It doesn't right like that's not it does right?
00:13:23 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I agree so with this with this. 
00:13:26 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
But we don't need to stoop to their level. But, we do need to respond to it because I. 
00:13:30 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Know what's going after you. But if we respond to every time, you guys are going to put me in the same situation. Like, if we can go ahead and do it your way and watch watch exactly what plays out, I'm going to lose my board seat on Brick Dynamics for no reason. And he won't get one. It's just going to be a neutral Haven board seat. It's not good for my portfolio and my LPS, I have a fiduciary responsibility here to do the best job I can, right? So he's delegating the work.
00:14:00 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
And we want we only Joe, we only want you to trust McLean. That's all we want.
00:14:07 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I don't yeah if it's just about however,
00:14:09 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
If we but if if we send an email, if they have five questions, right? Whatever it is. If they have five questions and we only answer two of them, they are going to respond, What about those three questions?
00:14:22 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But Jordan, where is my email? Where is my email then? Where is my shit? Where is my email? Where is my Amex bill? Where is my car note? Where is my car insurance. Where's all my stuff. Why why am I always answering questions. I'm done answering questions because there's nothing to do here. There's nothing to do anymore at Haven Ventures. The work is done.
00:14:44 Michael Hino (Troutman)
I think that Joe, that I think that's the answer right there, Is the work is done It's done So we want to try, So, so the I think the goal should be let's separate, right? Let's not let's not go to arbitration and fight. Let's let's come up with a proposal, a plan to say these guys and Ben Hall agrees with me. You know, Joe and McClain need to go separate directions.
00:15:10 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Ben Hall is, is we should have gotten rid of him the minute that this started because I knew this was going to happen. I've been dealing with him for over a year. He doesn't. He's lying. He's continued to allow his client to he, he does not disagree. 
00:15:26 Michael Hino (Troutman)
That you need to separate from a client.
00:15:27 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
No, that's not that's that's it's this is a total deflection here, Michael, respectfully. Like we're not talking about the obvious. We're talking about the non consensus accurate reality, Which is Ben Aw as a legal representative of my partner, has not made any attempt that I've seen.
00:15:49 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Or that you've seen to guide his client into a copacetic reasonable position to negotiate in good faith or in bad faith. So anything that comes out of his mouth is not valid data. Like I think. 
00:16:04 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
He's trying to do that joke. I think he yes, I'm sorry, Mike, keep going.
00:16:08 Michael Hino (Troutman)
No, he's trying to get to a point where he can resolve this. That's what he's trying to do.
00:16:14 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Well, this is what you came up with?
00:16:18 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Again, it's a negotiation, right?
00:16:21 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So I think that's why I objected to every time you guys are asking me to just go through Pico again twice right now when I don't have to. But if you say no, but if you say no to those things, what happens between me and the founders? What happens when a diligence call comes up and they call them about Joe Gazelle?
00:16:46 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Well, right now, I mean, they're going to say Joe Gazzell ignored it. Really? Well, no. Are they going to say Joe Gazzell ignored it when they don't get their money that now they assume is coming?
00:16:58 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Well, I think McLean's going to say, gee we reached out and Joe hasn't responded yet.
00:17:04 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Right. And then who's the problem in that case? Because, the founder is doing a very difficult thing building of something out of nothing, and they take our money because they counted on us now. If one fifty fifty partner continues to say that everything is all good, yeah, We're totally in for Brick Dynamics for five hundred k even though McLean and I never talked about it aside from one text message in November. And then I have a call with the founder who I've known even for I've known this guy for fifteen years and guess what, like he's focused on his business. He wants that five hundred k. If I'm if I'm in the way then I'm just in the fucking way.
00:17:47 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Then Let's see what Harvard endowment or one of these guys hears when they diligence.
00:17:51 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
But if you but if you if you guys don't want to invest in it, that's or if you don't want to invest in it, well that's that is what it is.
00:17:59 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
We never even discussed it. We never discussed it. He put it on the table. We never discussed it. I never approved it yet, he's putting it up as leverage. Suddenly now its leverage my company. Where I have the board seat, all the response is still really.
00:18:13 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
I don't view it as leverage.
00:18:14 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Well, no, now it's something I have to respond to. It was not on the table before; it was not on the investment plan. It's a high performing asset; it's the second best one in the portfolio. So now I have to now now what happens is I have to engage now He put it on the table instead. If i say nothing Then, that's something he did not that i. 
00:18:32 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Did by saying nothing You're still engaging Joe. 
00:18:36 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
By saying no, I'm saying no to the founder, And that's what has consistently happened to me.
00:18:42 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
And by and by ignoring, and by ignoring, you are allowing McLean to say Joe's not making any decision. Joe's holding it up. Joe's this like no matter what McLean unless we settle and like get past the stuff, McLean is going to be able to say whatever he wants.
00:19:01 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I am he's always going to say whatever he wants. That's why it doesn't matter right?
00:19:05 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
No because no, End with the non disparagement. No, it's going to end with it. We're going to get to a non disparagement, but we have to get there. We have to I talked.
00:19:13 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I talked my second largest LP about this last week, Who's a very old friendum and they're a very reputable LP. Um and he, he gave me three other examples of the same thing happening in their portfolio with buyout funds, venture funds blah blah. This happens all day, if you're in that business I guess right? Um and. He was like, dude, it's he's never going to stop talking shit. You get all the non disparages the disparagements you want. He's still going to be talking shit. He cares about the optics, McClain.
00:19:42 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
So then so then so then Joe, then it doesn't matter exactly. Then so doesn't matter. So let us let us respond, Let us negotiate with Ben to try to come to a conclusion. We can't I'm telling you Joe. I'm telling you, just as a lawyer dealing with anything, if I ask five questions to anyone and they respond to the two, I'll keep following up with the three, and I won't care about the two that they answered. Because I'm still waiting on the other three. So. So like we we can't like I really like I'm telling you. And like if Mike wasn't on the phone, I'd be calling you after to tell you like Joe, I'm telling you.
00:20:31 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Forget the low blows, The cheap shots that McClain is doing and how tempting it is to do it back. I'm not even tempted. So what I'm saying is, So Mike is listing out how we should respond to each thing, and you're saying to some of them that we should ignore.
00:20:49 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But if we forget about the patterns, How are we just repeating the same thing and not? And we're not going to get the same result because I've been repeating the same thing and I haven't gotten any results Jordan. So so so I've got enough Joe so far.
00:21:02 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Joe, we have been on the phone. Okay, we have been at the table. Ben's not at the table, he's too loose. Okay, these things take time. Okay?
00:21:15 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Oh my gosh,
00:21:16 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Let us try. 
00:21:17 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Let us try Joe He manufactured leverage out of nothing. And we're ignoring that and saying it's not a pattern I don't. His goal is to fuck up every one of my board seats. That's all he's done. It's the only thing he can do because he can't rewrite the past, and he can't make the fund, not eighty three percent invested already. So what can he do now? Well,
00:21:42 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Mike, Mike, what do you think?
00:21:45 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I am just being logical here, guys.
00:21:47 Michael Hino (Troutman)
I mean, I agree with Jordan Joe. I think we need to, And you know, we talked about it. As Jordan said, I am the same way. Hey Mike, I asked you about cast. What's going on? He followed up with an email, right? We can't just ignore it. And you know again, I continue to think the fact. 
00:22:07 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Like like cast go we engage on cast. It's going to be the biggest. It's going to actually be the worst thing that happened to me out of this whole thing reputationally and I am going to have to be answering to that.
00:22:21 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
No, Saying saying no. Saying no versus ignoring is the same thing.
00:22:28 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
You're here's what's going to happen, But do you guys not know that cast already was approved by McLean and I prior to any of this shit happening in the fall? Now, he's putting me in a situation to say no, because I because I who's the one that has the board seat for cast me, who's the one. That manufactured every single round, including the one of this six hundred K that's in question. Me, right? So. So so what's happening is now I am going to say no to a transaction that I had already approved copacetically. And it's going to look like if we were hypothetically in arbitration, what does that look like? Well, it looks like Joe flip flopped. How many other times did Joe flip flop?
00:23:18 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
You want to approve it? It's been approved since August. So then. 
00:23:23 Michael Hino (Troutman)
So then is it a yes? No, it's not a yes. So why is it a no? So why is it a no now?
00:23:33 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Why should it what what is McLean saying that needs to happen though? What's he saying that needs to happen? They're all conditional.
00:23:43 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Four things on there are conditional. He said, "Well, Cast is the head fake." Okay? Cast is optically important because of the amount of money that we invested into it. It's the second largest check. It's not the second best company. And I fucked up on the underwriting with the founders. I've learned more about this founder. He's not a very good guy, the CEO of Cast. And the cast of characters is. 
00:24:12 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Allowed to continue investing.
00:24:15 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I would very much not like to. I would very much, I am more happy, I would be way happier explaining why I was a good fiduciary and didn't put good money after bad with Cast and all the very many things that are wrong here with respect to the CEO's behavior, the board's behavior, and my partner's behavior juxtaposed against all the other stuff than anything else. Then why why I put in more money and let it go to zero and thought I was, you know knew what I was doing or whatever. That will suck. I'll have to talk about that for like ten years, Jordan. That's how that's how annoying this this business is, right? Soum like everything you talked about here,
00:24:57 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
So so Joe regarding cash, is it a yes or a no?
00:25:03 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Say that.
00:25:04 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I'm saying what we're going to respond to Ben. Not what we're saying, what we're saying to Ben. Just put it in the email. I don't even have the email open, But I remember it because it's etched in my brain because this is the game that they're playing.
00:25:19 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
We Negotiated that it converts to a priced round, a priced equity financing. They're trying to make it not according to that paragraph that's in there. It says about SAFE notes. That is not something I can do as a fiduciary of this fund. Okay. It's supposed to convert to a thirty post evaluation and everything converts simultaneously. I have all the leverage on Cast. If I don't decide to do something, if I don't sign something, they can't do anything on Cast. Nothing. They have no power. Okay. They're screwed unless I. So eventually they'll have to come and comply and do what we agreed to, which is the right thing for Haven and for them. Okay. 
00:26:02 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So I'm not worried about that at all. And think of it, it's the second largest project in the portfolio.
00:26:07 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
You're telling us, Judge, let's like try to get like straight like quick answers on these. What are you telling us to ignore?
00:26:20 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Your definition of ignore is what?
00:26:24 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
You're saying that we should ignore certain questions from that.
00:26:28 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I'm saying strategically. Here, I am trying to play some chess. Like they are okay,
00:26:33 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
But what we're telling you is that as lawyers, as lawyers, they're going to keep asking that. And if we choose not to respond to any of it, we're going to get nowhere and we're going to have more calls. We're gonna be nowhere.
00:26:51 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
You are nowhere right now. We've made no progress since the forty five k We have.
00:26:56 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
We have. And and I think I think if you have just a little bit of faith in Mike and Mia, I have all. 
00:27:03 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
The faith in the world to you guys. That's why I'm talking to you guys. So so Joe, so Joe, I'm not mad at all. I'm just trying to get you guys to see what you don't know.
00:27:11 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Good And, and we see it and we hear you. 
00:27:14 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Because he's not going to go to arbitration on this. He's not going to go to arbitration. It's not happening now It's not it's. 
00:27:20 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Not but telling you a very important Joe, You're missing there's a really important point, And the important point is, is that then whether it's deserved or not, and whether it's fair leverage or not. I don't even view it as leverage. Is that he is going to be hyper fixated on us, not responding to it. Good, so let us respond. Good, but no. But then we're not going to go anywhere.
00:27:50 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Instead we'll let them parlay with us. They haven't given us anything yet.
00:27:57 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Joe, let us respond and push back. He reached into.
00:28:02 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
So what do you suggest I do with brick dynamics, where that one was not on the table whatsoever Jordan. You got to listen to me. I'm not being emotional. You guys are being very tunnel visioned right now, respectfully. I understand you're trying to get the task done. But you guys this is this whole gaslighting campaign here from them is very, is very uh contagious. This is never going to go to arbitration. I would I would have already liquidated all my retirement accounts, everything if that were the case. And I'm ready to do that. That's not saying I want to, obviously not. It's not going to happen. So if we can just look at this for what it is, which is just a.
00:28:42 Michael Hino (Troutman)
It's going to keep rolling forward. And the other issue is, you know, it's going to keep costing you more money, right? Because. We, we have to and we're going to send you our recommendations regarding potential arbitrators. We have to submit that on Tuesday to the AAA. Okay. So, you know, an arbitrator is going to get appointed. An arbitrator is going to start charging the parties and, you know, an arbitrator is going to start moving this towards a hearing. So, you know, the more we can if we can short circuit that.
00:29:12 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Sorry to interrupt, but can it be canceled from uh anytime from Tuesday on? Or does it have to happen after Tuesday?
00:29:19 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Well, no. I mean, if the parties reach a settlement, then it won't happen. But if the parties don't reach a resolution, it's going to continue to roll towards an arbitration.
00:29:28 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
We will have one. So after Tuesday, Does anything change with respect to the ability to negate or cancel or end uh the process if a settlement is reached?
00:29:40 Michael Hino (Troutman)
No nothing changes.
00:29:41 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Okay so nothing changes Nothing changes here, because even if that rolls through and an arbitrator gets appointed.
00:29:49 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
He's still not going to go to arbitration. That's how confident I am.
00:29:53 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Yeah, but you're still incurring more costs. That's what Mike is saying.
00:29:57 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I get it. But what else am I supposed to do? I think what we should do is focus on the because because the whole BOP thing, you guys forget i I went through this already last year. All I've been doing for over a year is this.
00:30:15 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Joe, Joe, we understand how much bullshit you've been through. We we Joe, We that's why that's why we're in your corner, and we're fighting really hard for it.
00:30:25 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
But, but we're trying to kill them with reasonableness. And and when it's not if it's not gonna work.
00:30:32 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
But but it is it is. And I and I think if you listen to Mike and listen to the plan, he has laid out, and if you are able to provide him, I know it's a pain, But if you're able to provide it with that documentation, yes,
00:30:47 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I obviously can Jordan. I know Jordan. There's no documentation in the world that I can't ever buy. Obviously, I give you guys 305 files. 
00:30:55 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Like Listen, listen, listen. If, we go to arbitration, and we're the only ones speaking with common sense, and we're only the ones making sense, what do you think the arbitrator is going to say? We're going to say Joe is out. You're right, which is which he knows that. So what we're telling you, but hold on. But, what we're telling you right now is these are the steps to take for common sense. These are the steps that make sense. And what happens is in arbitration, Is they're going to look at all our communications and they're. 
00:31:29 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Going to go to arbitration if it does, I'll win. I will win. You guys haven't seen half the shit. No, we know, but we're saying. And you guys have all the docs in Titan by the way. If you just query Titan, you'll have everything you need.
00:31:46 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
It's Thousands of documents. It's very hard to go through. Okay, I think that's why we want like just a little bit of direction within the documents, right? Like, you don't want, you don't want me to spend three hours trying to find it and making sure because that's an extra couple grand. Like that's stupid. Sure. Right? So Joe, I really I could only, Encourage you and recommend.
00:32:14 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Here's here's here's okay, guys, You don't have to talk me off a cliff that I'm already I'm already aligned with you on the stupid things that don't matter like this that I'm going to give you. I'm trying to get you guys respectfully. You guys are badasses. Pick it up from the game a little bit. And let's end this thing. We'll never end it like this. And I am the only one that had to get besieged,
00:32:40 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
So Joe, Joe, Joe, The only it will never end, I'm telling you. It will never end if we don't respond to everything.
00:32:49 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Jordan, stop telling me respectfully to respond to everything. I will fine, we'll respond to everything, But you guys are going to respond how I tell you they should respond because because every time that we come back here, You guys have more homework for me from new things that don't fucking mean anything that they surface and leverage. He reached into my pocket and pulled out brick. That was not fucking something that was a business issue. And you guys are completely ignoring it, focusing on what I'm doing. No, we're not. Well, you haven't talked about it. What are we going to do about that one then, Jordan? What are you going to do about Brick Dynamics? That is like quite literally a successful business that we own 20% of, right? That, he called the founder without my knowledge and told them that we agreed to an uncapped note that I would never fucking do! And now we have to do it.
00:33:40 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Basically. And now I have to figure out how to do it and not fucking lose my rights on the board seat, Which my rights are Haven rights, because who has the what matters here is the successful businesses. We can only lose one times our money, or we can make a trillion times our money. It's roulette over here, man. There's no hedging. So. So the reality is I have a sure fucking double zeros on roulette with brick. What's going to happen now? Am I going to be able to liquidate in two years after we go through this little dance? He did the same thing with Pico. He did the same thing with Autolab. Did the same thing with the others. He cares about board seats and credibility. He needs credibility, he doesn't have it, so he's using fear, obligation and guilt to get that fucking control. And instead we're responding to his manipulation instead of. 
00:34:35 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
The goal, which is control. If what he wants is control, We should be fucking attacking the obvious thing that he's gone after every single time.'Cause for fucking the whole time, that's all this has been. I've looked back on it. I've had a lot of time to think about it. Every single fucking time, this is exactly what he's done. He wants like a reason to exist.
00:34:56 Michael Hino (Troutman)
I do. I gotta. I gotta jump by the way. I got another call here but uh.
00:35:00 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I actually feel like this was very productive by the way. Thank you, All right.
00:35:04 Michael Hino (Troutman)
Well, Jordan, you know my position and I'm aligned with you. So so Joe, if you can shoot us that info. Um and I mean I'm with Jordan. I think we do need to respond even if it's a no.
00:35:16 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
And I'm already agreed with that. I know, okay, sure, great. It's is I would love to hear from you guys on this next rebuttal when we're deeper down the rabbit hole here because we're going to have to fight a multi- pronged fucking war now, depending on how this response goes. If it's no, then that's something. If it's something else, like neutral, like giving him a homework assignment on those portfolio companies, Which is what I'm going to give you guys to respond to with each one. It's not a yes or no. It's this or that. Right? And then we'll get well you have the financial data that you need. If we say no, then I'm fucked. It's just true.
00:36:01 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I don't know what else to tell you. The sky's blue, grass is green, and if we say no to things that he manufactured, leverage that he was not supposed to have. Well, I mean instead of saying no like you can just do that.
00:36:18 Michael Hino (Troutman)
So Jordan let's do this. You talk to Joe and maybe give me a call over the weekend. Um appreciate it. Michael, thank you so much. Monday morning, we can connect and uh figure out where we go from here, all right. I appreciate it. Thank you. All right, guys, Mike, thank you. You guys might get disconnected. I am not sure on I don't know how Teams works here, but okay, I am hanging up. Maybe you guys can continue this thanks. 
00:36:39 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yeah, Josh Hey buddy Josh Hey Listen. 
00:36:44 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Instead of saying, no right, we don't need to say yes or no. We can say this wasn't discussed This wasn't agreed Right like. There's a different way. I'm sorry, I wasn't clear on how I was talking about it. Instead of saying no, we can say this wasn't discussed, this wasn't agreed upon. Show us evidence where Joe agreed to this, right? Like we can respond that way. Yeah, I mean look. Yeah. 
00:37:18 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
The response, the response only matters, if you if you know where the leverage points are and where they are Jordan is. Um, notice he left my things off the table. He never addressed the Amex. He never addressed anything that I. We spent a lot of time getting to the point to where we thought we were going to be moving things along. They gave they caved on the forty five k. Knowing that, that was a non give, and it was something that was supposed to go through anyways compliantly. So he could point to it and say, I did that with all this other stuff, I'm gonna be able to prove. It's just it's just fucking a fact of life.
00:37:53 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
I'm not dick measuring. He didn't author any documents here or do anything. And it's so fucking true. It's it's so true. It's not like God or something, it's just fucking true, okay? Any retarded judge will fucking agree to it when they see it unless they have no business being there.
00:38:11 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
So so so exactly exactly So let's lay it out. So let's lay it out so that they know that That's it.
00:38:19 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Yes and I already did. Okay, so so we'll do it again and we'll respond. But Jordan, cast finance. Cast brick is one that will that he can turn into a huge problem for me. Okay, You, you need to focus on the only thing that matters at a venture capital firm or a private equity fund or a hedge fund is the fucking portfolio. I don't matter. That thing matters. The fees don't matter, that matters especially. 
00:38:51 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
When it's a good fucking fund, I'm really good at this. I just sold Step to MrBeast. You see that one? Okay, like so, I have businesses here that are worth a lot of money. The only things that matter are the ones that are worth a lot of money. Why? Because we already did 25 investments and they either work or they don't. And that's how it works. And a couple of them return all of the returns, really one of them usually or two of them, the rest of them are zombies. And they won't get you anything, and then you move on to the next one. That's where I am at. I understand, okay? So it's i am not trying to educate you on venture capital. I am trying to make. I am trying to remind you why these things that are in that email matter: cast finance, brick, volta, apaluma.
00:39:38 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
So do me a favor: take twenty minutes.;. It doesn't have to be full sentences.; send only to me.
00:39:48 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Respond to each segment. Just send it to my email. I don't care. This is separate from Troutman. Send it to me. Let me look at it, let me respond, and let's come up with something, But we need to figure out a way. 
00:40:04 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Because you have to as a friend, okay? Take your Troutman hat off. You have to believe me at this point that everything you've seen here and thank you for everything. I've heard from the guys with the thing, just let me finish. Like like, oh oh thank you, okay. And and so look, man, this I I know what this guy's about now. And I'm not stressed. I should be, but I'm not. Don't be stressed. I'm not you should have been you should have been very easy. Like like and so it's not i'm not i'm not like that anymore. Why am i not stressed Jordan? Okay, it's not because i suddenly have all my bills paid. I don't, i'm stressed because. 
00:40:47 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
My portfolio's safe, or I am not stressed because my portfolio is safe. But I don't have to do anything. I sincerely don't have to do anything. And the things that are on the table to do minus what he's manufacturing with brick, which I wouldn't mind doing that actually, that's good business. I don't like the deal that Brick's proposing, whatever, but like that's a winning company. I would, Very much like him to accidentally let me easily do that five hundred k. Cast finance, I would love any fucking reason not to do that.
00:41:26 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Joe, I have to, I also have to go. Okay, do me a favor, send it to my email or send it just to me. Don't include anyone else. Send jot down, how you would like for us to respond to each thing in a way where we respond to each thing. Yeah. 
00:41:42 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
You you got to get it on paper. I'll get it on paper, But you got to fucking level with your guys that they can't keep negotiating with Ben like he's a peer. I told you guys when he started that he's not a fucking peer, that he's conflicted and we got to get him out of here. And you guys didn't listen to me and now here we are.
00:41:58 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
But no, We are no, but we are and we're getting at a point where they're going to look like fucktards in front of an arbitrator.
00:42:06 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
They don't care about that. They don't care about that Do you trust me?
00:42:09 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
Trust me? Trust me, they do. They cannot look bad in front of an arbitrator. They can't. That's their that's the firm's reputation.
00:42:18 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
They can't. Why do you think he put the gag order in there? What what what do you think that gag order line is like? What, what's what what do you think the strategy behind him, putting he's trying to get me to agree to a gag order? He slipped that in there It it I mean,
00:42:30 Dana Settle (Greycroft)
There's no You're not even yeah It's all done Okay So suddenly I'm agreeing to gag orders No We're not agreeing to that. But do me a favor because I really have to get off. Okay. Please just shut down. Send it. Okay, love you. All right, I love you Joe, we'll figure this out.
00:42:48 Christina Card (Piko Labs)
Appreciate you, Bye All right Ironically. That was the most heated call I've ever had with them Really? Yeah What'd you think?