Joseph Guzel  13:04:41
Now I'm sorry for coming out of the booth so good. You're literally the only good thing that I've heard in weeks.

Speaker 1  13:04:48
My god, no, oh my gosh. How Has everything been down there in after the fires? And how is your all of your friends, family? Okay, down there,

Joseph Guzel  13:04:59
everyone is pretty much screwed. And they're kind of like coming through the some people are getting to go back, thank you for asking, by the way, like we came out, okay, it was really, I mean it, I got to tell you over a glass of wine or something. Like, it was really, it was really nuts. Man, like Dave Young from Cooley, for example. Like, was trapped in Malibu. Brian Garrett from crosscut lost both his houses. Brett Brewer from crosscut, uh, like, got his house damaged, and he they all, they all got displaced, like they're living in Manhattan Beach. And most of my friends and folks from the Alpha network that, like, we know, all these people you know right there, they all either lost their homes or they can't go back to their homes because of the politics or whatever, and and they're living in hotels. And the worst parts, obviously, the kids like, because the schools

Speaker 1  13:05:49
burned down, exactly. So, no, yeah, community or infrastructure left, well, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  13:05:55
And, like, I mean, think about it, like, if you're Thomas King from Oric or something, like, you know, he's my age, he's got two kids. Like, he's, he's, you know, it ain't easy to get these kids into these schools, you know, it's, and he's not, like, McLean with a trillion dollars you could just buy the city and and so they're like, they've been, like, working for 567, years to get these kids in these schools. Sometimes it's like, what do you do? Yeah, yeah. And it's something that I didn't really realize, that if they're actually worse than the houses, is that and everyone, it's people are just starting to kind of maybe because the weather changed. But like, we everyone just had PTSD from COVID. Man, like, everything was shut down, the mask, and the crime Maureen, the crime, like, was so bad. I sent Ashley. I put her on a plane to Seattle, to her girlfriends, because I had to hold down the fort they gangs were lighting all the trees on fire on our street. Yeah, because I'm, like, from where I'm sitting, I have, you know, I'm facing the marina, and then I can see as far west as where the Palisades was. It's totally charred now. There's no houses all the way through to the Hollywood sign all the way downtown. You just see the fire was going 1000 feet a minute, and totally like they would stake it out, and then at night, two in the morning, they would come, coordinated on motorcycles and bikes, and light the palm trees and stuff on fire to try to burn our building and smoke us out. Can you believe that shit? No,

Speaker 1  13:07:26
I really can't. Joe. I mean, I mean, just that's the thing. I mean, you're not, of course, like, you know the the news is showing the devastation, but like, none of that is you

Joseph Guzel  13:07:38
can. You can hear people screaming. I could hear people screaming, running down the PCH, away from the fire. They all abandoned their cars. And it's crazy. It was crazy, like the fire stuff, oh, my favorite was the crews of people. This happened to a bunch of our friends in the Palisades, because in the time in between, like the fire passed over the like people were could get in still, I guess, like their houses burn and the National Guard coming, because when the National Guard came, they locked everything down, right, okay, right. And, and they like it. There were these crews in fake fire trucks in fake fire uniforms where, like, imagine you and I, like, we go to the house, our house, it's like, burnt it to see if it's okay, yeah. And then, and then a truck rolls up. It's like, ma'am, just one second, man, we got to go in and make sure. And you think it's a firefighter. And then they rob, yeah, if it wasn't so sadistic, I'm like, That's brilliant. Like, yeah. Like, what is this Ocean's 11? Like, are they wearing chip and nails uniforms? Like, what the hell is going on? My gosh, that's insane. It's insane. Yeah. So anyways, yeah, so it's okay. It's getting better, but it, it's more like this year is even that fire can stop me this year, I feel so much better this year. I'm just like last year was just too much for one human to handle. For me, like you can't, you can't get engaged, married, move in. Deal with your mom, you know, deal with your your soul, your this, that. And you know, I've been paying for everything my whole life, myself. I everything I have, you know, right? Yeah, it was that was the most stressful. It was like an exorcism. And, and, yeah, you know, I just moved in with my wife last year too. So it's not like we lived together for a long time. It was too much. And then the business, the business capital,

Unknown Speaker  13:09:42
yeah, what's going on? Give me an update. Well, the update

Joseph Guzel  13:09:44
is, I mean, the fund is, I learned, taught me really well. And, and, David, you know, like, the fun, I think, I think I have, like, a CV seven for you, at least a CV six. Oh, great. And I say, and I even, you're, good, you know, we got to figure out a way to optically. We got to just make sure that, well, at least you guys will get the upside from Hamza. It would have been a zero like, and now it looks like now we're doing 50 million of top line. We have the, oh, we have the open AI of fintech. We built it through JP Morgan. Launched in production, 700 billion of clearance volumes. Yeah. And we have a term sheet right now for 250 I think you could go as high as a bill, wow. And we own 9% right? 8% 9% fully do it. Not bad. $46 billion fund, no, not bad. And that's just fun. Every set is unequivocal success. And of one we and so crosslink, I'm gonna do another. I just landed the VP of Finance, okay? And spent all EB and me spent all day at so house, closing him, and he's so he's so good, like he the whole business. It felt like when Richard, when we placed Richard's VP of Finance, or Matt Newcom at chime back in the day, like everything just clicks, right? And they'll do, I gotta switch them to a fiscal year because it doesn't make sense to do a calendar year or that kind of business. But they launch payroll. We're signing HBO, the whole slate. Wow. This thing was going out of business. We were gonna do that. It's just because nobody knows cap table math, except for us. It's so It's so crazy, how shitty everyone else is and how well we got trained. Like, yes, it's unbelievable. The and so that one, that one, I think, could be as high as 10 million this year. They need another two to get to. I could, they could go race right now, like, so, so let me back up. Jason Azar is going to join the board as the independent Okay, oh, great, yeah. So I'm working on that. They're going to meet him at upfront summit here tomorrow. Okay, yeah. And then we landed the VP of Finance. The it's he was a little high on the equity 1.75% but he's worth it. It's okay this, because this business is Series B scale. I think the kid will scale like Matt Newcomb and yada yada. It's, it's, there's nobody else better. If there was, we'd get them. Tobias thinks it's high, but it's okay. The and then I'm gonna parlay it to Dana settle, who's also on the board of Hansa with me, and I put the crown family on the board of Hansa.

Unknown Speaker  13:12:29
Oh

Joseph Guzel  13:12:32
yeah. You know, they own Aspen. They own the mountain.

Speaker 1  13:12:38
I feel like someone said that at some point. And I was like, no, no, I

Joseph Guzel  13:12:43
had no idea how they made their money. They were first LP at crosslink.

Speaker 1  13:12:49
Yeah, they're an LP at cross Yeah, crossover. They're in our they were

Joseph Guzel  13:12:52
the original. It was Spring Creek, and them right, were the first two Long Beach. No,

Speaker 1  13:12:56
they weren't. But one of the contacts has, like, carried, like, one of the like, one of the people that we've worked with there was with us in an early crossover fund, but not at Crown. I see brown is like relatively new.

Joseph Guzel  13:13:11
So I've got Connor crown on this board now. So Connor crown, the Scion, is our and, and we become, he lives in LA we become thick as thieves. He he wanted to do it because he wanted to learn from me. There's nobody that can teach this shit anymore. Only cross link, only us, got that exposure so

Speaker 1  13:13:33
crazy. I'm glad to hear that, though, because it does feel like it's kind of the wild west out there, and everyone's doing all this sort of crazy stuff, and we have kind of stuck back to the basics. So

Joseph Guzel  13:13:47
well, the basics work, first principles. It's like Jim would always say, we can't hedge,

Unknown Speaker  13:13:51
right? No, exactly. So

Joseph Guzel  13:13:53
how you act? Yeah, yeah. I heard about David, by the way.

Speaker 1  13:13:58
Oh yeah, yeah. What the hell yeah. I think he's can, you know?

Joseph Guzel  13:14:07
Okay, I really hope so. I mean, he's not that old. God damn it, you know? No,

Unknown Speaker  13:14:12
no, no, no, he's not. So I don't think of him as very old at all,

Joseph Guzel  13:14:17
like he thinks of him. He thinks of himself as super old. He thinks he's old. He

Speaker 1  13:14:22
does. He does. But I think part of it is like self fulfilling, like he's like, I dressed like, you know, I, you know, he dresses much older than he is. And, you know, he sort of just has that disposition, and he

Joseph Guzel  13:14:38
had a hard life like me. I never realized until later, when we talked

Speaker 1  13:14:42
Yeah, with his family growing up, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  13:14:45
it's, it's, there's a lot, yeah, there's a lot of, there's a lot. I don't know how much you know, but like he, he confided in me last year, you know, we finally met up, and I love that man so much. And he, yeah, I mean, fuck. Like I thought, you know, it's still not as bad as my stuff, but, like, but pretty bad for a white guy, right, right? I was like, I was, like, for white guy, this is, like, some of the worst. Yeah,

Speaker 1  13:15:12
yeah, yeah, I know.

Joseph Guzel  13:15:15
How are Jim and Dan and them, health wise? Are they? Is everyone okay? I hope, yeah,

Speaker 1  13:15:19
everyone's okay, you know, um, Jim. Good for him. He was out in Rwanda for a few weeks, just getting back now.

Joseph Guzel  13:15:29
What's he doing out there,

Speaker 1  13:15:32
this project? I didn't ask any questions. All of a sudden, I just got this tax when I was like, trying to get a hold of him for one of his deals, and he was like, Oh, I'm actually gonna, I'm gonna be out of touch for about two weeks. It's kind of my email super spotty out here with, I'm in Rwanda. Of course you are, um So, but he's, you know, Jim's gym, he's, he's just, he's great dancing, but, you know, the whole, the whole team's just kind of kick in. So,

Joseph Guzel  13:16:03
yeah, yeah, and Dan's Okay, and Mike's Okay, and Ashley and everybody, and Gabby is, is it okay with Eric in Hawaii? He called he talked to me other day. He's like, he was like, I've learned how to be productive from Hawaii. I was like, No, you haven't. Like, you have not.

Speaker 1  13:16:23
Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, he is, yeah, I mean, he's basically, you know, he's, he's now opened that, that satellite office out there for us in Hawaii, but he's, yeah, he's been out there and, you know, we just everything's kind of falling into like, you know, everyone has their own place. So it's good. It works. So I think, Gabby, did you? I think she's not going to be at that front I think she was just down there for an event in advance. So maybe she's not going to be there now that I think about it should have coordinating, yeah?

Joseph Guzel  13:17:00
I think Yeah.

Speaker 1  13:17:03
The other day, more street, she and I don't live very close or very far from each

Joseph Guzel  13:17:08
other. No way. She's at up front,

Speaker 1  13:17:10
yeah, yeah, yeah. But she was, she was leaving the next station. I'm on my way to up front. She was there with her little girl. She's a little old little girl.

Joseph Guzel  13:17:19
She must be doing so well. Her husband was so early at Palantir. I'm sure they're just doing all right, yeah, I'm sure. Um,

Speaker 1  13:17:27
so, yeah, I ran into her, like she was out having dinner with her, with her daughter so on, as we just chatted really quickly. And she was like, Oh yeah, I'm heading down to LA tomorrow for upfront, you know, for the conference all week. And then anyway, we were like, you know, move it together. Another time, we were like, oh, we need to actually do a real catch up. Yeah, he's

Joseph Guzel  13:17:53
so Mo, I need, I need, I need to get, make you like, kind of getting tiger team out here a little bit because, only because you are, you are the one that doesn't get you're unflappable. Okay, so remember, you say so you remember McLean, you're the Steph Curry of literally out you're the CIO Seth Steph Curry, the

Unknown Speaker  13:18:13
very, that's very, very kind Mo,

Joseph Guzel  13:18:16
I know how to do, by the way. I just, I just got through my second audit. Oh yeah, flawless. Well, I tried to let McLean do it, and he almost fucking ruined my life. Basically, is it all around the valuation stuff?

Unknown Speaker  13:18:31
Well, that was just driving, oh

Joseph Guzel  13:18:32
my gosh. Well, the valuation stuff, I'm like, I just do exactly what you taught me 10 years ago. Like, I mean, I don't waiver, so I'm good there, but, like, it's more just managing and hurting these cats, basically. So like, again, give Ashley a raise. Give everyone a raise. Give yourself a raise, Joe.

Speaker 1  13:18:49
I don't even ask, Do you know how many audits we did this year? 35 is

Joseph Guzel  13:18:53
it 35 entities? Now it was 54 two years ago? Well, no,

Speaker 1  13:18:57
we have much more than that. But like, 35 are audited because a bunch of them are GPS, you know, like that, are not audited. 35 audited, which is really, like, for a firm our side. I mean, that's, you know, you're getting cleaned

Joseph Guzel  13:19:15
up, man. It's like, so ridiculous. It's

Speaker 1  13:19:17
so well, I mean, the thing is that we just, we need to liquidate. It's just obviously, as you know, we have these last Hangout companies which haven't been able to

Joseph Guzel  13:19:27
some good news came through recently, right?

Speaker 1  13:19:31
Yes, fingers crossed. Fingers crossed. It's like eight weeks before it's done

Joseph Guzel  13:19:37
that. I can't believe that thing that's a 2009 so, so when I talk to Eric, he's like, that's why he thought he was productive. He was like, I just got an acquisition. I was like, in what? I was like, I was like, I was like, okay, like, if it's roofer, I would have heard it. I really hope it is, because I have some equity there, and I desperately need a home. I've been paying McLean for four years. And then I mean, my God, this is what I got to talk to you about, though. But about, though, but the and then, and then I was like, I just talked to Ryan king. And then I was like, CV six, no, in the money, yeah, dude, yeah, I know that's kind of the last one. It basically

Speaker 1  13:20:21
is. There's only two things left in their Enigma, and home light, which we're just gonna try and Flog. So,

Joseph Guzel  13:20:25
you know what? Home light zero, that guy's so shady. He is, right? What the hell dude that I was managing that as part of this, my spin out agreement, and then, like, I'm like, where did he go? I can't find him. Yeah, yeah. Have you no

Speaker 1  13:20:41
anything? No. I mean, we do every once in a while, but, like, we don't really have any rights there, right? So we, we just, it's constant. We can never get any good information from them. And then randomly, they just pop out of the woodwork because they need our signature on something, oh God, where they're like, hey, we need you to, like, authorize this. We're like, doing another like, inside round and like prosper. You guys don't owe anything.

Joseph Guzel  13:21:08
You know, it's like prosper all over again. That was my first, my first big step up prosper. The the he is the what he is the Jewish Zane Jaffer. That's what I always say. Oh my gosh, right. He really is, like, never thought you're gonna, you're gonna, you're gonna open the news. He's gonna be running down the Dog Patch butt naked on LSD, yes, yeah. Oh my god. It's like, insane. The but that one, that's such a good one. I was like, I was like, Eric, I was like, I can't believe that. That's like a 15 post. That's

Speaker 1  13:21:42
great, I know, yeah, well, it came in, um, and now it's, it's coming, what we so it's gonna take like, another eight weeks, of course, because of all this, like, blah, blah, blah, but um, you know, it's funny, because now, you know, EC is like one, you know, I did mine this year like everyone else. Like, you

Joseph Guzel  13:22:03
gotta, oh, my god, he always does that. Did he say that with comparably? Like, give me a break. The dude, the, the, well, I guarantee you, roofer is going to sell. I bet you, you could that one will happen. Q1, or q2 of next year. I hope so. And that'll be good. That'll be like, probably, I'm so angry that he freaking sold, then bought back, then all this stuff. Like, like, why did we do that? It's anyways, but it's, it's so dumb, because that would have been 100 million instead of 60, right? And I haven't seen any of these numbers or anything. I just know them all. I Does anyone else know all the numbers like I do, still no no chance. We give you no no for everything, like I could. I could tell you the post money on data stacks.

Unknown Speaker  13:22:57
Well, I mean, that's

Joseph Guzel  13:22:58
just off the top of my head, because

Speaker 1  13:23:01
they don't. They only know for their team, for their companies, I

Joseph Guzel  13:23:05
guess, I guess a firm got bigger, because we used to have to do cut the numbers so much with Ashley,

Speaker 1  13:23:10
yeah, exactly, yeah. I mean, of course, Ash knows all this 10 years ago,

Joseph Guzel  13:23:13
well, 10 years ago, doing the AGMs and stuff. Yeah, the Yeah, that one I think will sell, could sell in Qt, because remember, with roofer, it's a fiscal year. So now is the busy now is the busiest time. I think they're doing, like, between 50 and 60. I think everything's held. Constellation Brands has reached out to them, and we did the valuation exercise last year. I'll send you the deck. Eric has it. I

Speaker 1  13:23:37
did it with key bait, yeah, yeah. I think Eric does have it, yeah?

Joseph Guzel  13:23:42
The same guy that I did share it, yeah, the same guy that I put on, the guy who was on the team that did that, he's now the VP of Finance at every set. Oh, okay, yeah. So same kind of style. I'm just going to do that all over again. And ramen Eve will, will sell this thing. And Jason Azar doesn't join a board. He doesn't sell, right, right? So, so that'd be smooth, 60 million, right there to 150 million. And then roofer, I think if it happens, it'll be in q1 q2 because it'll, it'll start going hot and heavy in the fall, end of the Yeah, and Richard wants to sell. He bought the house in Montecito. I'm gonna go, I heard that. Yeah, so happy. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:24:25
he's so happy. He was saying,

Joseph Guzel  13:24:28
and then chime and everything, and then you'll be able to retire. Oh gosh.

Speaker 1  13:24:32
I mean, if only I hope so. I think I think step will come back. Three kids now, Joe, like retirement is so far my future. One of my kids is only one. I mean, I got 17 years. I gotta get him through school, and then same college,

Joseph Guzel  13:24:49
we're gonna start trying to have kids. I don't. I think I'm just gonna adopt a bunch of 14 year old kids. I mean, honestly, I have a 10 year

Unknown Speaker  13:24:58
old and I don't know. I don't know. I don't know

Joseph Guzel  13:25:00
what. I don't Should we do it? Like, should we do it like old day alpha, where we split it, it's like, your half EA, half alpha, like, that's 5050, me and you pass mine off to you. You know, they've got

Speaker 1  13:25:16
14, you know, there's, there's first 14 years it comes. It's spending, you know, you gotta get into the schools. You gotta pay for the schools.

Joseph Guzel  13:25:30
You know, it's hilarious. Well, the one year old, it's gonna cost nothing. You'll just throw some AI at her, or you'll have a robot teaching her, yeah, you'll be chilling. Just think, like that Moore's law. You like Jim. The thing is,

Speaker 1  13:25:40
like, I can't, I won't be able to. I mean, every year this, like, it's the costs are going up at the school, the tuition. And I'm like, by the time, for sure, this kid's like, I don't know if this kid's going to school, you know, like, this last one, you know, yeah, well, and that's what we keep saying. We're like, you know, with the 529, we're like, you know, maybe they'll end up just sharing this like trick. We don't all have to go to college, you know, dude,

Joseph Guzel  13:26:04
you, you and I, you and I are, like, the only two at cross link. And like is more like some more of the back office folks. But like, you went to UCSD, right? I went to Santa Clara. You went to, that's right, Santa Clara, I went to Cal Poly, slow, which, like, now, now it's like, both those schools are so much fancier than when we went there. And you know what? We just work harder than everybody else. Like, fuck that. Like people are soft. Yes. I mean, like, what good did Dartmouth do all these other it's like, Give me a break. I know it means,

Unknown Speaker  13:26:38
or just old school scrapper. I

Joseph Guzel  13:26:40
mean, yeah, it will. It turns out, in the world of AI, it's like the blue collar is going to be the white collar man. And so, like, yeah. And here we are. Here we are, well, oh, by the way, so I don't forget this before I have my big ask the Ashley and I are going to head up, are going to be in the bay for a month in like, April and stuff. I'd love to, like, take you guys out to dinner for you to spend some time with her. And, yeah, okay, good, because we're onboarding an employee. Yeah, it's gonna be like April, April through mid June. I don't know, like April 15, but I'll bring her to the office, and I'm gonna show her everything and indoctrinate her. I've got a young, young scrapper. I think I call them like a young Omar without the lisp in the in the prime solid, right, coming out of the same team with the from the every set guy. And that Did the roofer thing. My buddy John Klein is the managing director there 23 I'm hiring him as an associate. I originally called you about the to just ask, like, what should I do? I've never, I've never had to do this. I haven't done this since I was, like, paying Mexican dudes under the table at my family's restaurants. And so I figured all that out. I literally used my my cross linked offer letter from David Courtney. I have my David Courtney offer letter here, like, literally in front of me, just so, you

Speaker 1  13:28:08
know, things haven't changed that much in our form. So, yeah, after all this time, so I think you're on the right

Joseph Guzel  13:28:14
track. I was like, I was like, interesting. It doesn't actually even say that my bonus was 50% was that too low, but, but I copied all the language because everything was so ironclad, always across like so good. And then had Cooley run it and do it. I really got screwed not using Cooley through the spin out, by the way, that was, that was easily the worst part of the whole experience. And then, so I guess I'm all good. So here's my here's my issue. McLean, obviously, yes, right. So, so, you know, you remember McLean? He was, like, the best investor at cross link, and he brought in all this stuff, and he sat on all the boards, and he did all the things, and he worked like, 20 hours a day. You remember that? Yeah, yeah. Or you remember Mclean from, like, the spin out, where he had like 10 board seats while also bringing 80% of the LP capital in. And right? You see he's been, he has been down to LA three times in four years. Oh, yeah, okay. And then here is, he is at 216, O'Brien Street, California, side of Bryan Street. He lives physically with Lucy and Larry and the three boys. I Love Lucy and Larry. I especially love Lucy. She is freaking cool. And then Christina, his wife, who is just the white version of his old wife. Oh, dude, is she terrible? She's it's even worse, she's terrible, and she's smart, but she's pretty stupid, and she's so she and she's so she's dangerous, right? She's very dangerous. She's way more dangerous than the other

Speaker 1  13:30:01
one. Oh, what? Yeah, dude, yeah. The other one really was too Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  13:30:05
and the other one wasn't pregnant, though. Christina's having her second kid in

Unknown Speaker  13:30:10
June. Yes, whoa.

Joseph Guzel  13:30:14
They make cute kids. The first one is all McClain man. The kids like, 400 pounds, like girl, she's like a cabbage patch doll. She's so cute.

Speaker 1  13:30:22
That's so cute. She's got his lips. Baby. That How old is she? Too?

Joseph Guzel  13:30:27
She's two. Yeah, I love she'll be two, and I have an eyela too. My oldest is Ira. She's She was wearing like, size six or whatever, babies. I'm dead serious. She came out with all her teeth, all her hair, no, Christina carried her full term plus nine months. No, I'm quite but this baby, this baby was, is she came out? Giant? Yeah, oh my gosh. She was like, she was actually, like, as big as she was, like, as big as, like, Katie Schwartz, like, like, coming out. Oh my gosh, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:31:04
she isn't she small. His wife, Christina,

Joseph Guzel  13:31:07
the baby's about as big as Christina. Yeah, it's crazy. Well, they're all so tall. His sisters are so tall. The kids are so tall. They're like, big Mongoloids. But anyways, like, you know, Christina has her mom. It's Game. Game respects game. Here. She's just a woman from Michigan, grew up with nothing like us, like she's just trying to survive. I respect it and and I'll tell you what, I did not sign up Maureen for you. Tell me if it's somewhere in my exit package, like I didn't sign up for that shit, like I didn't sign up for the whole firm being engulfed by grass meadow. Oh, yes. Physically there, like Wayne al gay, Lucy and and especially with how bad the politics and stuff were the last couple years. Like, it's not just like working with Monty or something like that. This is like, or like Chris Britt, if he had a family office or the crowns, like, this is like, I would come back home and my wife would be like, you can't, you can't go there anymore, like, because it's just too much. Yeah, it's too much. And, and it's, I call it The Truman Show, yeah, you remember The Truman Show with Jim Carrey? Yeah, it's exactly like that. Yeah, Where? Where? It's the illusion of everything, like being normal, but it's absolutely not, and it's actually like, McLean, you know, I allowed for the equal partnership and stuff, and that never bothered me. I wanted to do it because I wanted to hold this all accountable. And I really feel like he never got his fair shake, and I'm a guy that never really got my fair shake in life. I think it's safe to say I'm not being, like, arrogant, you know, that's not me, like, even though it seems like I am, but like, I definitely undervalued myself throughout my career, relative to you can see kind of the discrepancy now that that it's not just about dpi, like, I'm good at what I do. It's, it's, and I really just love it. And I got here by process of elimination, you know, I didn't get I didn't and I was trained by Bill Campbell and Scott Cook and these guys. I just, you know it, they I didn't quite fit the mold. I'm more like a founder and so, like, I mean, God, let's see i It's it with him. You know, I never expected him to. I obviously had a precedent, like, I knew he wasn't going to chop wood and stuff. That's not the problem. The problem has become the empathy like, and I'm not humanized, and there's this reality distortion field. He doesn't come down here. He doesn't know my wife. I just, I help out Christina all the time. Yeah, he's never come down here to, like, have dinner. Yeah, it's, it's kind of it's gross, right?

Speaker 1  13:33:48
Yeah. I mean he, right. He has the he, that's what he Well,

Joseph Guzel  13:33:53
he has the time, because I he had no spin out board seats. Yeah, of course. He's 5050, I took a pay cut. He was making 130k I bet you he was 1099, right? There you go. Okay, and then, and then, you know, I took a massive pay cut. I should be making 1,000,002 million a year, right now, right? And, and he and I go up there all the time, and I've done all the deals, obviously, processed them all. I do all the back office. I do all the fund admin. I do all the audits I'm on, all the boards I just rolled off the roofer board. Think about it. So let's see my final close was. Last was December or fall of 2023, and so and so. Basically, now with this clarity, because last year was all my life, shit, batch processing, right? I woke up I'm like, Oh my God, my business hasn't changed in a year. Haven one is pretty much done. I've got like, five more investments. I'm 65% invested in deployed with Hamza and stuff. We'll be sitting at a 2x or 3x net by like q2 with all the reporting. This is a, this is good. This is a good, yeah, well, well, that's what he was supposed to be doing, right? I supposed to get a first close from him. Now, obviously, what he's been doing then, every time he doesn't get his way with something, which is he's been doing this since day one, is threatening the key man and saying that he's not going to do Haven two, this is my life, like Ashley and I, are I? I made an investment in this man, you know, and he works, you know, five hours a week, right? Yeah, it's, it's the same shit. Maureen. He spends all his time, like hanging, trying to hang out with New Mexico.

Speaker 1  13:35:42
What he's still doing, but what the to? What end, though? Well,

Joseph Guzel  13:35:46
he's, you know, apparently we can get them, but I don't want them, like, I'm sorry, like, I just don't want it. Like, I the crowns want to anchor me. Any of the LPS will back me. My numbers are, I have CV seven weighted average ownership. I've got all the deals I've got, and it's a 2022, vintage, and the numbers are out, and I'm the tippity, tippity, tippity, top of the quartile. I'm talking, I'm talking CB seven in, 2020, like

Speaker 1  13:36:13
coming in, 2020, yeah. When did you start? Are you 22 or 23

Joseph Guzel  13:36:17
February, 2022. Was first. 22 Okay, okay. And I had a beautiful pace. And you would love these graphs. They're all the graphs that we look at before, with the quarterly pacing and the and the counting of this and the that, and it looking very good, yeah, and yeah. IRR matters less for me, obviously, than I imagine it does for crosslink these days. But yeah, the the net, TV, pis, are all, are all really good, just with Right, yeah,

Speaker 1  13:36:46
right, which is, I mean, it's only been two years, so,

Joseph Guzel  13:36:51
yeah, totally. I actually think, I think I can recycle my cost basis, yeah, yes, that was gonna be, I was gonna be a question for Ashley. Do I do? Yeah?

Speaker 1  13:37:00
So, yeah, I would wait, yeah, well, let's talk about that. Because, you know, there's some value to qsps, you know, returning, yeah, and then we return that money back.

Joseph Guzel  13:37:11
But anyway, yeah, we talked about that. Yeah. It was just like, show the machine works. But, but, but, anyways, the point being okay is, like, all of these things could have been solved if I had one paragraph in my whole agreement that was just, this is how we make decisions and stuff. We never got, we never did that, right? We were so we were so engulfed with the spin out. It was, it was so sensitive the guys. It was really like, I handled it well, that's what, that's what everybody tells me. I tried to be as respectful as possible. And, and I was because the you guys are family, like, it's deserted and, and I bleed cross link, like, I fucking love cross link, and, and then, like, you know, McClain just use it as he's spent years just on his vindictive tirade, like he tried to destroy David, you know, after he blames David for everything he blames David for for he saved the firm and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and, and it's like, Shut up guy. Like, like, eventually you just have to stop. You know, Eric would always say, like, you don't get credit for the deals you didn't do, right? Yeah. It's like, Get over yourself, right? It's like, I don't sit around saying that I did. I never say that. Like I did chime. I'm like, I managed time for many, many years. The guys are all LPs. Like, like, it's, I have attribution there, but like that, that is a cross link investment that was Jim Floyd, like, right, yes, right, done, done, full, full fucking stop. Like, like, it's, it's like, these are, these are, like, it's like, easy there. Guy like, and by the way, like, you never showed the initiative. Like, okay. Maureen started as an accountant, and now she's a partner, CFO, everything you know, Sophia, for God's sakes, who I trained, right? Like, she comes on. And I was like, What do you want to do? Remember, you told me you're like, you can have you and me and Phil, you can have Nancy, or you can have Sophia. And I was like, Sophia, Nancy didn't like me. Yeah. And, and Sophia was like, I want to like, do I want to like do more. I want to do finance. I want to do this. I was like, I'll get you there. Caroline a partner. Now, I worked with her all the time. She always wanted to work with me to teach her how to be a partner and and Tobias, like, Tobias was my guy, you know, yeah, yeah. He's going through it pretty bad right now. He's miserable right now, by the way, watch out for him. Like, workload wise, no, he did. He didn't get a bonus or anything,

Unknown Speaker  13:39:50
right? Oh, is this about

Joseph Guzel  13:39:52
Carrie? Oh, shit, that's what it is. Yes, yeah, okay, it's about, it's about my radar. Yeah, yeah. It's about Carrie. I mean, honestly, like, let's talk about that for him. Like, if he can have some of mine, let's talk about that as a quid pro quo here. If you want to solve for him, because you're going to lose him, you are going to lose him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have carried across multiple fines

Unknown Speaker  13:40:17
there. Wow,

Joseph Guzel  13:40:21
I can make it easy, guys, I can make it incredibly easy. I have what, like probably up to three or 4 million worth of implied carry across crossover fund, a fund nine and Bay View, I don't know off the top of

Unknown Speaker  13:40:38
my head, but yeah, I mean, yeah, you're in. CB eight. To be nine. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  13:40:42
crossover

Joseph Guzel  13:40:45
eight, I guess. Yeah, I can, I can give you, I can give you all of them. It's not nothing. Especially, I remember my first grant in eight was, like, for every turn of eight, it's a million bucks. Yeah, yeah, and eight, and I'm about to get you eight in the money. Yes, here, pretty soon, we need it in there. We need it in there. You'll get it next year. Maureen, it's good. It's gonna I

Speaker 1  13:41:06
know we're all holding our breath here. I mean, we have to move on to, you know, we have bigger fish to fry, I guess, right now. But that one,

Joseph Guzel  13:41:17
what's the bigger the bigger fish to fry is the generational transition at the firm, like there isn't one, but that's a longer discussion. Like it's, I mean, like what it's, we'll see if you get Eric off this island and I bleed cross link, you know, if it makes sense to do an acquisition of source, I will not. If it's the difference between like you guys getting to keep doing your thing and or not, and like you need the cache of the young guy who actually has done stuff now and has proven like whatever you'd love to have my wife in the bay, she's just like you. I I don't like it down here anymore. Anyways, it's all burned down. Really, no, yeah, of course, of course, of course. I moved here for the Palisades. That was my dream. Yeah, yeah. I got an apartment facing it, and so now I'm like, my wife and I are like, what the fuck I'm not it's like, I'm not moving next to your parents. I'm sorry. Like, no more parents. Where is she from? Again, Orange County, Diamond Bar. Oh, got it. Okay, yeah, she's it's, like, very similar to, like, your upbringing, family in the waste management business and all that. But like, LA is just going to be done forever, man, and the Bay is coming back. And,

Speaker 1  13:42:35
yeah, and we think so. But I'll

Joseph Guzel  13:42:38
go get our old office back. I will watch everything here. Mo, okay,

Unknown Speaker  13:42:48
so, yeah, what are you? What do you he's

Joseph Guzel  13:42:49
been blocking hires for two years. He's been blocking hires for two years. Why is it a money thing? No, it's a control. It's just ego control, insecurity. He hasn't this was his opportunity to learn. He hasn't done it. He's been a menace. I have been so fucking patient. And especially last year, he took massive advantage. And he's he's done things MO That, like, would make the Omar thing, or the the this stuff, or like, any of that shit, or even like, what happened with me in 2016 okay? That is like a, it's like a cough, like, compared to this shit, like you would have, you would have shellacked him. She laughed. Okay, so, and not to mention, he's been holding my family's livelihood hostage, or at least implied, like it's, he's, like, we're not going to have Haven two. Then if you don't do this or that, who, how did you do that? Oh, I've got everything well documented, trust me, I'm not, I'm not, like, I do not. I saw how all this shit went down, even just amicably, relatively at cross link, like, I'm not doing that, because nobody wins. The lawyers win. And and if it goes down that route, you should buy the entire stake, because I'm in the money here. You get Hamza back. It's a billion dollars, right? I have 10% of it, like, so the, so what? Here's, here's what I learned because, because I started down the route of Haven two fund formation. I have an offer letter out to this kid. He's going to sign it today. Okay? McLean's. McLean has been literally calling candidates that I try to hire and tell them we're not hiring. You what? Yes, oh yes, he's in and he and last week, okay? And this is, this, is this really pisses me off, because he tried to Yasmeen Southworth me basically, right? So I had a rough go of it last year, as everybody knows, but nobody will empathize with especially not these people, right? And he called he because, because I made it really clear. I was like, I was like, Look, man, we got to have a reset. Like, I'm not, you know, we're moving forward to Haven two. We need to do a separate management company, and we need to, just like, set some guidelines here, because, like, I have been up till two in the morning and up at six for four years. This is untenable, right? And not to mention all the fucking phone calls I get all day from all the founders all day, I'm going to turn into David. I don't want to do that. He warned me, right? And, and McLean was like, No, and he's like, throwing a thrown a fit. And I was like, What are my rights? Actually, because I had to use stupid Morrison Forrester mofo, that's how, that's how I should have known, and I didn't realize how much I can do in a vacuum, huh? And so he went and contacted, he contacted will Cofield. He went and targeted everybody who I love that is like a big protector, but the end, but that doesn't really know what's been going on, because I didn't let anyone in the entire tech industry and think of how far, how far it had to go Maureen for me to make McClain look like he doesn't have to put his foot in his mouth. I do every time you'd stand around and he'd walk up, it's like, Can this what this fucking guy just say, like when he every time he'd open his mouth, something stupid would come out of it, right? But that's how it was working with him. But you know, he's a bazooka. He calls Brett Brewer, will Cofield, Eric chin and Brandon deer. My best friend. Brandon deer is the COO of UI path. He's my best friend called public CEO, like, like, very this is like, like, it would be a big deal to have him at like, keynoting AFS, right? He started with me at Intuit, right? He's my best man at my wedding. Um, wedding, and Brett Brewer, proscott giving my start, inventor, Eric Jen I haven't seen everybody in a long time, you know, since the wedding, some of them Brandon lives across the country, some at Whistler and, you know, I they just see me stressed for years now, they've only seen me stressed, and up until last year, I was living in an Airbnb mode. Okay, it was an Airbnb. I didn't have furniture, nothing. And he tells all of them that I have a drug problem, which I don't, I don't even smoke weed. I've only so I've smoked weed with Eric. He's like, like, I swear to God, I don't I do not have a fucking drug problem. I don't even drink much anymore. I just drink white wine with Ashley all day. I just drink flowers. Flowers. That's where we are, Joe, it's I love it. I want it right here. I don't go out, I don't do anything, I don't have any friends out here. All I do is work and and it's, it's, it's, uh, it's crazy, but I've made everybody I allowed this perception of McLain that he is like he had all my experience because, because that's what he needed to feel good about himself. It didn't work. And so, um, there was a lot of unpacking I had to do with folks. Even Eric didn't realize that McLean hasn't come down more than literally, I think, three times in four years.

Unknown Speaker  13:48:30
Yeah, what did EC say?

Joseph Guzel  13:48:33
Well, with by the time I got to EC, I had already gone through the gamut. I was just I called. I had called will just to get lunch on Friday, and then he had a dentist appointment that went long, and then we rescheduled. And so I met up with him and my buddy Heston Berkman from banter at my place or the coffee shop around that's attached to my place. And Heston bounces, and then will just goes on a tirade on me, like, like crazy. And Will's my friend who's, like, he's, he's the one that, like, gives it to me straight, and I give it to him straight, and he's super intense. And Will's like, you're going to lose everything in six months. You have to check yourself into an institution. And blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, good to see you, and I don't, I don't skirt around things as you know, it's I say, like, Look, I I dealt with a lot last year, you know, my mom. It was like, dealing with the death of my family, in a way, and it was hard and but I'm good now, like, I'm really good. I feel like myself, I I'm happy. I'm working. Business is going well, I'm over and so it's all clear. Now, it's just like, Oh, I'm I see what's happening. I've had no help here. I've had no help and, like, like, literally, it's just like, I don't have, I'm running. How can you do this? I can't have 20 board seats. Yeah, I fucked myself. And so um, and then oh, and then will, like, this is what really pissed me off, because I knew McClain did this. It was too obvious. It was the same pattern. He kind of tried something like this before, and I remember because he did it to David, right? And that ended up costing cross link coupe, right, right, for no reason. When the agreement was to get give cross link coupe, he the whole, that was the whole thing, like, I brought him in. It's like, let me protect the base, and then it protects me, and it's an insurance policy, and blah, blah, blah, blah, and then he fucked it up, and he screwed he screwed all of you over and me, yeah, yes. Let's not forget that that was 50 million bucks. That was $50 million he fucked it up for no reason, for no reason,

Speaker 1  13:51:02
and she's holding a grudge against dust. Yes, he's still pissed. Yes, you're having to, like, tread lightly with him. Like, EC is always just like, you know, don't put the bear on this one. And it's like, wait, what? What do

Joseph Guzel  13:51:15
you mean he has Okay, so, so, so look, EC has met Lucy once. Okay, I have a code to their door. Yeah, it's 6008, there you go. You can, you can get, I'm dead serious. It's, it's, it's my mom's original. It's the address for the house I grew up in six years a friendship. You can get into any of the islands. You can get into McLean house, their house, any like, literally, I That's how, that's how deep in this shit I am, and they're and they're dangerous people. Okay, obviously, now he is incredibly vulnerable, like he that's that. That's what I've learned. He always, this is what he does. He wants you to think that he has leverage. But the reality is, if I picked up the phone and told Lucy, even a little bit he's fucked, he's so fucked, like

Unknown Speaker  13:52:02
you think that she would

Joseph Guzel  13:52:05
Larry. Larry does not like him. Oh, yeah, I know that, because I fucking live with them. Basically, yeah. How could he Right? Right? Okay, and Yeah, him and Larry, like, always kind of pins and needles because he's, he's just Larry's, like a dude, like, he's a nerd, but he's a fucking real dude, and McLean's just has no ambition. And, you know, Lucy wants and the women wear the pants in that family real hard. Like, there's no balance. I can see that. Yeah, his mom makes my mom look like a cakewalk. I'm dead serious. And, dude, I mean, like, like, Yeah, I mean Ashley's, Ashley's subdued her. It's been impressive to watch. It's like, yeah, it's like, Gabby esque and, and so that's all bullshit. Maureen, okay, like, don't worry for a fucking second. Like they don't know that he does this shit and he has no power, yeah. And so he's entirely reliant on this, and he leaves himself incredibly vulnerable. And so anyways, he like, okay, What? What? What I did with the when I approached him with that, and then he went and he blew up my weekend, basically trying to character assassinate me. I went and handled it right. So, like, with Will, it turned out, I was like, Have you been okay? Like, by the way, this thing keeps coming up about this Jamie diamond thing, okay. Like, listen, who do you think I have a John Hancock on, on a DocuSign for Hamza? Oh, we're live with JP Morgan in production. Like, like, it's, it's, and I wasn't inappropriate. And you know how I can prove it? Because I have everything on otter.ai, and shit like, it there. It was just because he came in so political, Jamie. It wasn't a goddamn TED talk. And I was not inappropriate. It's a fallacy. Everyone was really sensitive. September of 2024 Trump wasn't even shot yet, right? Yeah, yeah. And so and so. And he didn't say anything crazy, by the way, and, and I didn't do anything crazy. I gave three questions, and we had a little banter back and forth about Chase, quick Bay, cloud penetration. And that's it. The really stupid one. The whole thing was stupid, by the way, it was just stupid. Base was stupid. And the industry is riddled with with just, you have all of these principles or partners that have no dpi, and they're not, they don't know if to do their lives now. Like, like, it's literally everywhere you see it all over sandhill, okay, it's happening at crosslink. Everybody's scared. So yeah, and so they, you know, put the target on my back. What am I? Jim Foy with Eric and David trying to take over the firm? Like, that's, that's all it is, and it was a nothing burger. So anyways, then I get to talking to Eric and my wife gets involved and like, he, he's, he calls friends. Who are, you know, they're all LPs. He calls John Klein, this guy, where from Key Bank, who's one of my best friends. And that was the mistake, because he called him about this hire and said, We're not moving forward with the hiring process. Oh, okay, yeah, which he can't do. And so, long story short, I take care of all that. I handle it really professionally. I called Eric, and I just went right past it, like I haven't talked to Eric since September and and then I was like, What the hell do I do about this guy? You know, he's trying to character assassin. I know he called you. I know he called Brett, he called John, he called Brandon. Like, Brandon was so confused. He's like, I like, I lost, like, sleep over this last night and but I'm like, I don't know these guys, Joe, right? Like, what we're gonna do an intervention, right? For what? Like, it's like, fucking crazy. So then I called all my LPs and had to, you know, relax. The situation there.

Unknown Speaker  13:56:25
So has he contacted your LPs?

Joseph Guzel  13:56:28
Well, well, Brett Brewer is an LP, cross link is an LP, John Klein is an LP, and Brandon deer is an LP. I'll be at minor LPs. I caught, I contacted my major one step, stone cannonball and stuff like, and in coup like, if I contact coupe, it's just going to destroy McLean's life, right? Absolutely, yeah, I'm not trying to do that to his daughters and or him or anything. I'm trying to protect him from himself and, and again, I'm not trying to take the business away from him. He just, he's not qualified to make these decisions emotionally experience wise, professionally, any of it. And that's it, you know, I just want him to, I want him to have whatever he wants, and I'm gonna give him whatever he wants. You know, he doesn't know what he wants. It's not a good place to be in.

Speaker 1  13:57:17
Yeah, you know what? That's exactly it show like, what does he want? And he doesn't know. Otherwise he wouldn't be doing, yeah, yeah. Here are my cards on the table. Here's what I want. Like I want this, you know? And so he must not know that's gotta be it. That's exactly what it is. And but he wants the he know. He wants to be part of a fund. He wants the cachet of all that doesn't want to have to do anything. He wants to also have whatever, however far that's going to go with his family that, like, look what he's doing. And then he has, you know, he has some like, credit for having done something, because he's going to be running on your track record. He

Joseph Guzel  13:58:05
just called this can he just called this candidate right now? Like the kid texted me, I spoke, spoke to McLean. I'm going to call him after him, oh yeah, to tell him he and the kid. By the way, the kid knows everything. I told the kid everything, like, like, because it's full transparency. Every partnership you come into is a shit show, yeah, and, and the kid ran into the danger you're hired, and I gave him an impossible case study. It was, it was similar to how I came in, you know, I got rejected, I busted my ass, you know, comparably parlay that in, you know, you guys can put me through another hiring process. I didn't need to, right? But McLean's never interviewed for a job. But anyways, yeah, he, if I just knew what he wanted, this would be so easy and and I'll figure that out, and I'll get it to him, because I what, all I wanted was this. All I wanted was cross link and this and maybe, and they're kind of and I'm kind of getting, I'm living my dream, okay, and now all I want is what I'm owed and what I what I earned, because this is I did it. I'm good at this. I don't need, I never needed that 10 million I could actually Ashley Bateman, and you taught me portfolio construction so fucking Well, believe it or not, Andrew Foy that I told him, how about we wire Lucy's money back, and I'll wire you back. Perry passu, that's a word I learned from you. Okay? And still don't know what it means. I like it, right? And same, same, Yeah, same, same. And then, and you can, you know, fuck off, right? And so, oh, by the way, the portfolio would actually be better, not worse, and I'll be nothing would change in the metrics. I made sure of that. So anywho, how big are they? Joe, 10 million. 10 million. Yeah. Oh, okay, okay, okay, it's a little bit more than 20% of the fund. Little bit. Yeah, okay, but that doesn't matter, because of what I found out. This is why I called you again, and I'm sorry for being on the phone for so long, but it's my life. My life is literally in the balance yet again. So everything is controlled by the GP. Yeah, we're 5050, in the GP. The rest of it is four or five cross link entities. You're the signatory. I need that G I need to be able to vote for you basically like to have the control or something. I need. I need something here. I'm willing to give up my equity in crossing Tobias. Okay, right.

Speaker 1  14:00:42
Okay, because we are Wait, sorry. So just wait, you're five years company sitting on top of this, though.

Joseph Guzel  14:00:51
Or just, well, there's the there's the management company and the GP and the LP, and then, according to our bylaws and stuff I had. Or look at this Cooley, look at this blah. It is such where, according to all of it, so I took a look at the Haven ventures, LPA and general partner delegates can basically run operations without constraints. So I can make a hire I can't offer carry out, obviously, as long as you have authority through the GP to act on its behalf in this hire, I think it hire, and then with with respect to decision making power in the GP, based on the operating agreement, decision making power Haven veterans, VP one resides with you and McLean as CO managers with equal authority, as the managing entity of Haven veterans, one both you, both of you technically have equal decision making rights for operational matters like hiring. However, this creates the tension point, while you both have equal authority, or you're on paper, you've been handling the vast majority of operations, portfolio management regarding the carried interest, there's an important distinction employment, hiring. I can proceed with hires with my authority, carried interest. It's more complex now, I guess what. What the thing is, is there's a lot of voting rights in that GP. I can, I can start a new management company. I need to, I need to be able to usurp him somehow

Unknown Speaker  14:02:22
in the new management company.

Joseph Guzel  14:02:23
well in the new I can I can actually create a new management company without, without, like his approval, like like, believe it or not. So, so, I mean

Speaker 1  14:02:33
that actually makes that I mean, we could go out tomorrow and create, you know I could create a new entity entirely. Of the benefits of that entity, and any economics would obviously wouldn't be agreed on by anybody else on so you could create a new management company. And then are you thinking, you create this new management company, and then you raise haven to is there any success? Is there any obligation that successive funds are managed by have the same no

Joseph Guzel  14:03:15
investment manager, no. Yeah. What's your

Speaker 1  14:03:20
end goal? Like, what? What do you want in your ideal world? What do you want to have

Joseph Guzel  14:03:25
in my in my ideal world, I would like for because McLean's mind works so black and white that, because I made him an equal, he feels he's, he sincerely is, there's, there's no equity to the history that we had together in the shared experiences. You know, whatever they whatever they were, for him, doesn't matter. He's just like me. He he can make all the same decisions that I can, and it's a breach of fiduciary responsibility. Like, it is very bad. He doesn't know what he's doing. And he's also like, look at his behavior here. Look what he just did with his kid. He can't like, can you imagine? So, no, it's really, really, really, really, really bad, okay, and, and so look, the, the, the power obviously, resides with, like, the managers of Haven ventures LLC, right? And I'm just trying to, if I'm trying to find out, and I don't have the answer yet, but I'm trying to find out, like, what the hell I can do here, right? Because, like me and McLean, have the primary authority, the management company is the entity through which we're exercising the control. The GP is controlled by the management company, but, but the fund is controlled by the GP. I need to protect the portfolio. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  14:04:59
I mean, so I don't know how you guys did your investment management agreement. So that's one way like so the way that ours are structured is that actually everything bypasses the GP. The GP only has. Can only make the directives on certain investment decisions, but technically it all rolls up to the management company as like the final decision maker, because they're also the ones who are, you know, getting the revenue on the management fee. So they're technically the like, they're technically they are the manager, so they're in charge of making all decision decisions for the entire operations of the firm. That's the way it's structured. But I don't know how yours are structured. The GP legitimately can make all of the because you normally, a management company is going to make all of the hiring P, L, decisions, all of that. But the portfolio management is, I mean, I just don't know how yours are written, because do you want? Basically, I

Joseph Guzel  14:06:23
want to be able to block him authority. I want to be able to just block him, and he can't block me. I mean, I have to this is, this is I just, in the time I'm on the phone with you, he just maybe destroyed this kid's life and, and it's in it fiduciary, I mean, like, this is a literal issue here. Like, we can't manage this portfolio. Like this, he's not qualified. Yeah, he and he's bought, uh, hires on the basis of political discrimination. Like, I have it all documented, everything. It's unequivocally true. Okay, it's he's off the rails.

Speaker 1  14:06:59
So basically, do you want to take over? Will you give that total GP? Will you walk away from whatever you guys agreed upon, a GP allocation for carry in exchange for full like management rights at the management company level. Well,

Joseph Guzel  14:07:18
I need, I mean, I don't, I don't. I don't want to necessarily take his carry away he but I need to be able to control everything here. Because he says it's, he's very dangerous, yeah, so

Speaker 1  14:07:32
that's what I'm wondering. If you're willing to, I don't know what this if you guys are 5050, minus whatever cross links piece is of the GP, if you're willing to give that to him, would he sign over the management company? But,

Joseph Guzel  14:07:48
but if, but if I give him more carry than me, does that mean that he has more control? If

Speaker 1  14:07:53
you just say whatever we gave you, like we're each I forget what Crossing is. Crossing 5% 2% I

Joseph Guzel  14:08:01
get cross link is. Cross link is 5% of the cross link is owns 5% of the GP entity. That means the remaining 95 split between us likely 47.5 gaining control of cross links 5% would indeed shift the balance of power, giving you 52.5% controlling interest in the GP entity versus McLean's. This would effectively give you majority control over the GP which controls this which significant for decision making. So basically it's I need to approach crossing about purchasing or otherwise controlling the interest. And you and Eric are the allies. Now, Eric is a little bit more difficult. He's always going to try to do what he always tries, which is like mediate. It's I, I would have to pull all of you into a courtroom or even, okay, but in a win, that's the thing. It's going to be really bad. I'm going to win, and it's going to it's not good, and I'm not going to do that to you guys or the firms, like it's not happening. Yeah, we have and we have all the same LPs. Yeah, this is a bad look. And cross link approved this and went to bat for it. So what I need is at least alignment with you as the signatory on here, where I can move forward here to try to find a very quiet, clean way for us to very fucking quietly have an understanding here, without implicating coupe, without implicating anybody, or the elpacs or whatever, that's the ideal situation, and that's what I'm going to shoot for, because I just thought of this today, and it's, it's a it's meaningful. So yeah,

Speaker 1  14:09:47
yeah, okay, I totally get there

Joseph Guzel  14:09:50
because there's no, there's no, there's no world where, like, it can turn around on me here, because it's so bad, it's so bad, and I'm very good at documentation. It's really bad. Now it's best to sweep it under the rug. And he, he's not, he's just stupid. We know this. We have a precedent here. He has a history. He has employment stuff with cross link where you guys didn't give him fucking bonuses because he was so useless. So there is 10 years here, right? Plus AI now. So, so, like, you're like, like, what do you think? What do I do? Okay, I have Cooley looking into it. But

Speaker 1  14:10:36
how cool we look into it? I think, Okay, on our side. I mean, basically what I need to know from you is, like, what the end goal is going to be. Like, how do you want to move this forward, like, what are going to be the steps and outcome here, so that I can have that conversation, like I can approach this to be like, we should just, we should just let this go, you know. We need to step back out of this, you know. But I kind of, I need to know, like, the sequence and what the outcome is going to be.

Joseph Guzel  14:11:14
Well, yeah, so I mean, I mean, look, I'll summarize it. I mean, like, look, because it I don't, I can either purchase the control from you, or I can, I can, you guys can recoup your investment, you know, and just I'll send it back Perry pass, who, in lieu of a promissory note, almost like, there's a lot of ways to do the compensation here, but like, or just simply a side letter agreement where it's like a purchase or voting rights agreement, basically, right? Right. That's it. Like, I vote for you, just like somebody sitting in your like, you know, an associate sitting in a board director seat, but still reporting back to right, right? Because I have a precedent of being qualified here and like, this doesn't even have to, this doesn't even have to be something that is widely distributed. It's just, this is the easiest fucking thing. And then the with respect to, like, legal considerations, well, I'll get the the GP agreement reviewed for any transfer restrictions. I'll check if there are rights of first refusal, and I'll see if the voting rights can just be separated from the economic rights, right? Yeah, that's it. Yeah, yeah. And then yeah, and on the timing, I mean, I'll get it coordinated with legal counsel, and it needs to be done quietly, and it needs to be done before confronting the claim with anything. I'm moving forward with this hire. This can take a week or something, but he doesn't, he didn't even know that I could do this. Like, he doesn't know what he's doing. He's been lying. He's like, just in he's delusional. He was like, I talked to alky. I was like, What did he say? It's like. I was like, No, I will. I talked to alky actually. Um, yeah, he's off his rocker, man. I know it sucks, and I work so hard on this. I work so hard on this. This is my wife's work. Yeah, okay, it's not, but it's all manageable here. If everybody can just be reasonable. I know that. Like, I know that's like, oh, Coop coupe, coupe. Like, you don't really have coupe guys, okay, and you're not going to get them ever if you, if you want me to get them for you, this is how you fucking do it. We should have done it like this from the beginning, like, like, literally, he fucked he fucked over. Cross link, he's fucking me over. He has no power. I in i could just blow it all up, or I could fix everything for everybody, right? Respectfully, like do it in a respectful way. I don't want to embarrass anybody. Yeah, so you are. He will continue on with me. Yeah. Would be that you

Speaker 1  14:14:00
he economics stay the same, but that you change the GP to have different voting rights for basically management of the

Unknown Speaker  14:14:12
whole portfolio. Yeah, and,

Speaker 1  14:14:15
and technically, it's sort of, I mean, I think you can still make other like decisions, like hiring decisions. That's that would be, I

Joseph Guzel  14:14:23
don't, I don't even think Maureen, like, honestly, Mo like, with the way that I've, I, I have 10 years of data now, and four years every day with this guy, basically the days that he works and like I I'm not sure if, if that even matters, as long as I'm more or I'm in control, then that's how he operates. Then his mind just clicks. Like, I'm just trying to get to Haven two here so I can have a life and not start over again, because I earned it. And it's this, the incentives are incredibly aligned here, right? Because it allows Eric and you and stuff to to subdue him again and bring him back into the fold. Because, look, I had no idea he was trying to control you guys with you guys with this shit. No wonder I'm getting hell, basically, and especially with crosslink at a weak point right now, they

Unknown Speaker  14:15:22
didn't come in. You know, the human for such a small amount in our last

Joseph Guzel  14:15:24
time, it's his fault, it's his fault. And I have that documented. I have all the text, text messages, the screenshots with with Wayne and stuff. I have everything. I'm not joking. How did, so did?

Unknown Speaker  14:15:37
He sat he basically, he

Joseph Guzel  14:15:39
sabotaged it. On it. He sabotaged it 100%

Unknown Speaker  14:15:44
so it really wasn't the nope,

Joseph Guzel  14:15:46
investments, no, no, it was not he sabotaged it. He sabotaged it. Yes, yes, yes, I have proof. I have proof It's on. It's black and white, okay, it was not Matt's fault, no, and Matt got a lot of shit for that for a long time. That would be so fucking pissed if you knew this right now, and you don't think I didn't want to tell him a million times. Yeah, fuck this guy, Maureen, come on. He's, this is evil shit. This is evil shit. And you know, what? Are you surprised? Like it's, I can't. I'm not going to let them ruin our lives. And I'm not going to let them ruin my my I'm not going to let them ruin everything here and and destroy cross link, and destroy this, and destroy my family, like Yeah, and control Eric, which then controls the firm. It's not good for anybody. One three hours with you and me in a silo, getting to an answer here, right, that we can take in a coordinated move, because you can kind of move with impunity too, and this is not a big fucking deal at the end of the day. This doesn't, there's no value transfer. This is, this is not a mike Stark fucking thing. This is, this is Joe Guzel getting a step up on a board seat. Or it's, I'll save Tobias for you somehow. I'll do anything like that, and it won't cost you nothing, because you're gonna lose him. Yeah, we both have things we can solve for each other. Right here in two seconds. I should have thought of this earlier. I just forgot. I didn't. I didn't think about this like, you know, it just hit me in the shower.

Speaker 1  14:17:43
Okay, okay, I got to think about this, not because I was saying I'm not supportive. I totally am. I just, I'm actually just really kind of shocked by the whole, I'm not shocked by the whole piece of it. You didn't reveal anything to me in terms of what I thought he was contributing, but

Joseph Guzel  14:18:02
what he's capable of realize all of this other,

Speaker 1  14:18:06
yeah, exactly, this super dark side. It's hammering, very dark ability to do your job. It's my

Joseph Guzel  14:18:14
job, my health. I mean, I have, I have been, I have been working 18 to 20 hours a day for four years. I have done 100% of the work. I have 100% of the attribution. I do 100% of the back office, the admin, the every everything has to come through me because he's not capable. Even if you talk to my fund admins at a duo, I asked him, I was like, well, can it not just like, is McClain getting there? He won't, he won't be teached. He refuses to be, to be instructed or apprenticed. And and they say, like, Well, eventually we have to just come to you for we eventually we need answers, Joe, so, like, we can't get them from McLean, yeah. And all of my founders know this. All of my founders have been been made aware. Literally, all of them, they're all appalled, and they all stand with me. They, they, it's just like a cross link. They didn't pick us because we were the highest price. Right? And everybody picks because they want to work with me, because they know I can bend the risk convexity curve because I'm a domain expert. That's a fact. Now it always was, but it's fact. So I can raise another fund. That's fine, but I have to. I cannot get to Haven two without straightening up this business, and he refuses to do it. I've tried everything, yeah, I've tried everything, everything, everything, everything, everything he do not think I did anything in a silo without trying literally everything. So I'm

Speaker 1  14:19:56
you don't think that he will give up, basically the decision rights to keep the carry.

Joseph Guzel  14:20:09
No, he won't give shit up. He wants full control. Why do you think he goes and calls my people to like, to and tell them I'm crazy. I have everything documented audio. I have almost every conversation minus this one, to be honest, because I it's like, like, like, yeah. I swear to God, otherwise I would have told you, yeah, yeah, I don't Yeah, but I have, I have, like, every conversation I'm at home working by myself, and I started going to an office, but like, everything's I gotta I I don't have a fucking associate. Mo, like, like, I gotta get follow ups. I don't have an assistant. I don't have anybody schedule my meetings. I've never had any help here, and I did the and the entire fund was predicated on my track record that's legally released. Your ELPAC members are my LPs, right, right? Spring Creek, Cap rock. Like, I can go on and on here. Like, so and, yeah. Like, let's just swap this fucker out for the Crown family. Come on. I took care of that one for you. I, yeah, I don't want to embarrass him. Like it's, he will remain. He can be part of Haven two. He just needs to do. He just, we just create, we just give him the cross link roll like it's the same shit. That's what he wants. He wants to be doing exactly what we had him doing. I will compensate him accordingly, based on, you know, how much money he brings in from coupe. And I'll do a, I'll do a double whammy where, you know, we'll, we'll cross that bridge when we come to it, but he needs to make up for what he did to to cross in capital, obviously, because that was fucked up. And that's, you can't do that. And for sure, Lucy didn't even know,

Speaker 1  14:21:57
right? I mean, I would think not. I mean, I thought the whole thing was bizarre to begin with. And he keeps like, I mean, he's playing this whole side where, like, No, you guys, really, you know me, and you know, we've been walking on eggshells with this one, because you don't want to lose it, you know, Oh,

Joseph Guzel  14:22:19
dude, you guys don't you guys don't have, well, I mean, like, what did he put into Haven 10 or sorry, crossing 10, he put only a few million. Yeah, yeah. Okay, that was, that was supposed to be fucking $50 million Maureen, yeah, yeah, yeah, he fucked that up. I brokered that for you.

Unknown Speaker  14:22:41
No, I mean that just, I

Joseph Guzel  14:22:43
took the responsibility of this guy off of the firm's hands in order to secure everything, even Gabby's partnership, for God's sake, so we we can fix this together. He like it's so easy, and I can finally see the goddamn light. He's so weak. God damn it. He's so weak. I'm disgusted with myself. Oh,

Speaker 1  14:23:08
well, I mean, there's nothing people, like all of us do not we're good. We're good. People behave that way to be acting in a vindictive you know why? It just doesn't even make any sense.

Joseph Guzel  14:23:29
It's not even predictive. It's just evil, like it's just evil. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  14:23:35
can't believe all of this. Oh, yeah, it's disgusting. Sorry. Okay, what has to be done? On your side, it sounds like you're already talking to Cooley. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  14:23:48
I have to, I have to call them back now. And I'm gonna, I'm sending this offer letter to this kid right now, if I didn't fucking lose him, God knows what,

Speaker 1  14:23:56
will you go and do that? Then you talk to Cooley. And then, basically, I need to know, like, how you want to do this, how we're gonna move forward, and I'll talk to EC about it.

Joseph Guzel  14:24:09
So, EC, EC, I talked to him for like, 40 minutes, and remember, he's just, remember, he is hypnotized by this stuff. Yeah, he's, he all EC is worried about, is the chance at, you know, he's not going to ride this data stacks, you know, sale or whatever, into, you know more stuff, but EC always needs another fund. And Phil and Gabby are not proven like I am yet. So they're just not until over jet sells, which is going to take forever, or something else happens. There is absolutely no generation. There's no succession at the fund right now, you're everyone's at jeopardy. You get, like, one more, but like, we got to fix this shit. We have to fix this shit. It protects everybody, and, at a minimum, it secures and mitigates the risk of fund 11 on fund nine being, you know, yeah, he can't. He cannot be in this rabbit hole here. It's going to lead us to the same place. Yeah, oh, I can't, I can't wait to tell Matt when this is all over. Yeah, he got, he got so hurt for that.

Speaker 1  14:25:22
Yeah, he really, he, I mean, that's what we all thought, that it was,

Joseph Guzel  14:25:27
yeah, he got, and he's and he said, hit the prime of his career right now, the whole market came towards him. He should be running the place like he's killing it, like it's the whole markets around his domain right now, right for the next 10 years, like we should be lifting him up. Yeah.

Speaker 1  14:25:45
I mean, I think the great thing about biggie is that he is a mature adult, and so he's, he's a good man, yeah, he's moved on, but, um,

Joseph Guzel  14:25:56
that's just, it's forgive, but forgive, but never forget. Yeah, no, I'm, I never realized that. I never appreciated that. Doesn't it just make you feel sick? Yeah? I mean, because

Speaker 1  14:26:08
we were feeling bad all this time, being like, I can't believe that we lost them over this and they're still pissed at us, and we've been like, walking on eggshells, no, um, yeah, I

Joseph Guzel  14:26:23
know he used it. He used it to control us, and it was all bullshit. It's just bullshit. It's not true. It's just not true. It's something that he said and then he made it true because he's the little gatekeeper, but I'm behind the gate. Okay? 2625, Park Boulevard. That's where it is. Like, trust me, it's fine. Everybody's fine. They gladly work with you guys. I mean, fucking Wayne goes to AFS. He comes back. He's like, this gym guy is, like, really impressive. Where you guys been hiding him? I'm like, oh boy, I gotta bite my tongue. Where, like, if fucking Jim just submitted his numbers for the last 20 years, he's number one. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  14:27:04
of course, yeah. Oh, yeah, wow. And there's no mystery about

Joseph Guzel  14:27:09
that? Well, it's, he doesn't get the credit that he's due, but he, you know, but he's Jim. He's Jim,

Unknown Speaker  14:27:15
yeah, you know this for long enough that he's like, this

Joseph Guzel  14:27:21
is the fifth job that he's the best in the world. That's about it. Yeah, it's the fifth. He's just Yeah, and he just behaves like an adult about

Unknown Speaker  14:27:26
it. He could be a lot. He could be literally,

Joseph Guzel  14:27:28
a gardener, and he would be the best gardener in the world to make a billion. A billion dollars. Like, I'm dead serious, yeah, he's just, like, he's just like, touched by a god, you know, like, his son is so cool, by the way, Connor,

Speaker 1  14:27:41
oh, you know what? I only I've never met either of his sons. He's a little

Joseph Guzel  14:27:46
gem that just had the baby, yeah? Yeah. I become good friends with them.

Speaker 1  14:27:50
That's awesome. That's great because they're in Carl

Joseph Guzel  14:27:54
Carlsbad, no, right, yeah, yeah. Or,

Speaker 1  14:27:57
like, Oceanside, or somewhere, like, yeah, yeah, close to where you grew up, yeah, yeah. So good for

Unknown Speaker  14:28:06
good for them.

Unknown Speaker  14:28:08
Yeah? I, I mean, you know,

Unknown Speaker  14:28:12
Jim's just,

Unknown Speaker  14:28:15
he's the easiest one. You know,

Joseph Guzel  14:28:19
it doesn't have to be, it doesn't have to be this hard, you know, it just doesn't. No, it really

Speaker 1  14:28:23
doesn't. It really doesn't. So I think he's learned that through time, because, you know, he pushes when he has to push, and he pulls when he has to pull, and the rest of the time he just goes along being Jim, yeah, it's

Joseph Guzel  14:28:36
like, the beautiful thing about this business is there's a scoreboard, right? So,

Speaker 1  14:28:40
yeah, yeah, that's true. It is what it is. So that's that tells the whole story. So, okay, Joe, let me know. Kind of, I'm still kind of reeling, but from all this information, just to be really honest, let's

Joseph Guzel  14:28:52
just keep it between you and I for now, because I have to make these moves here. And I will come to you with a plan in due time here too, so that we can react, but and then we will, you know, coordinate here. So okay, all right, love you all thank you so much. Yeah, it'll be okay. All right, okay, it will be okay, Joe, yeah, it will, it will, yeah, okay, keep you posted always. Bye, bye, okay, all right. Bye,

Unknown Speaker  14:29:48
thank you for calling you, if It's funding, this is new, Speaking, applause,

Speaker 2  14:32:28
help. Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. The person you're trying to reach is not available at the tone. Please record your message when you have finished recording, you may hang up.

Joseph Guzel  14:33:38
your.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai