Joseph Guzel  13:13:37
Hey, Joe, what's up, daddy? How we doing? You sound sick? Are you so sick because you've had such a big markup and it's worth even more. Nothing

Connor Crown  13:13:51
like that. Not sick at all.

Joseph Guzel  13:13:52
Thanks again. What the hell do you have to be sick about your Connor crown. You wake up every day. You wake up every day you get your Connor crown. I wake up every day. I'm this guy. I miss you, man. You

Joseph Guzel  13:14:15
up. What's good? Things are good. I'm

Connor Crown  13:14:23
trying to, trying to make your, I mean, you're in early. I'm trying to get your mark up so, but you kidding me? We're trying to get jpm more involved. We're trying to get MasterCard visa. We're trying to get all the, all the big guys to the table. Well,

Joseph Guzel  13:14:36
we have much to discuss. I mean, I can, I can move the needle. I made one phone call and I moved that needle on visa that almost I regretted making it, because I knew that in the absence of all the work that I've been doing with Adam to kind of get level set on the thesis going forward, now that we have the round closed, because that was, that was a lot, that was a lot, and it was a lot of like, it was stuff that should have taken, that would have taken, like, six months to pull that cohesive thesis together, which was all that Slide, where everything was, you know, a little haphazard, but it had to happen when it had to happen. So now we're going to come out of this pitch. And it's, I mean, you're, I have your fund thesis, basically, too, as well as mine. But what I called visa, I called my old boss, who's the CFO visa money movement, Andrew Westergren, who's he was my boss at Intuit, and like, I didn't even talk to him. He was in the middle of a meeting, and he's like an uncle to me. He picked up the phone, and his whole staff was there. He's like, Hey, Joe, I'm in the middle of a big staff meeting, literally sitting at the table with everybody. I just didn't want you to think. I didn't want to answer the phone, but I'll call you back. I haven't talked to him since. And next thing I know, they're going, you know, buck wild on a visa strategy, and Adam. But Adam's like a dog, you know, like with like he's looking for a bone, something to latch on to, because he hasn't had revenue in so long. Now, shits becoming real and, and, anyways, that one's the same with MasterCard. Like MasterCard, I can, I can make one phone call to Manoj Verma, and the same kind of thing happens. So like, we're actually, we're actually you and I work at General Dynamics right now. Like, we got to really be careful what we touch. Don't want to set this place off. Don't want to accidentally blow this thing up with

Connor Crown  13:16:39
all angles, because we're, we're meaningful holders of Visa and MasterCard, and so we're coming at it from, from that side of being,

Joseph Guzel  13:16:50
here's what I think. And you tell me because I know, because I know you can, I know you're, you're on the board of MasterCard, like you guys got all that stuff, Bazooka level board members. Oh, you're not, we're not on the board, but we have the

Connor Crown  13:17:05
CEO come in, owns 10% of masters.

Joseph Guzel  13:17:12
Yeah, the Okay, that's good. I mean, I have, I have an idea of, like, how we can, what maybe we should do, and on on this, like, I so I've been working with Visa and MasterCard forever, man, just by virtue of just always doing fintech. And there's you have to, right? So, so they're kind of, like, they've always been to me, like cloud providers, you know, it's, it's a and with cloud providers, it's funny, because it's, it tells you everything you need to know about the market that we're in, which is just cloud penetration. That's all you and I are doing with Hamza. That's all it ever was. It's just the you we do not have a direct relationship with our bank servers. And so now we're establishing that. And that should have always happened had the banks got cloud penetrated, the same rate in 2008 onward, is literally everything else around you right now, in the whatever room you're in, even the desk and the phone and your glasses and your this and your that. So all the obvious shit that's going to happen on the application layer, that should have happened is going to happen. So we'll just you and I will do the obvious shit, which looks like the every sets and the super it's all the stuff I've been doing on the application layer Pico. Is that another one I'm working on that you need to meet, called Tiger Reed, that we're going to fund next

Connor Crown  13:18:25
week. I'm talking to her next week, now that she's got epic we're advising a little bit on how to proceed with that, and then I'm going to have her meet Allison, our sales guru, to give them the, give them the kind of wraparound service of how to bring this thing to market.

Joseph Guzel  13:18:46
Yeah? Epic, epic, epic, and those guys are great, yeah? Epic, and those guys are great, yeah, I'm the only investor, right? So it's I ideated this with her. She wanted to do literally talking dogs with AI, make dogs talk using AI. I was like, shut the fuck up. You're doing insurance. And then this is and this is what's happening, because it's it all feeds into Hamza, right? Because Hamza is the cloud, and just like MasterCard and Visa felt like the cloud in web two when I was when I was early on all the Neo banks, right the right ones, chime, Novo step, Jeeves, mint, etc. Same pattern matching, just like simple that sold to BBVA was the was the example one of the form factor model that worked for every application. And I did half of them. First that worked of the eight, the only ones I didn't do were bricks and stuff, right? Robin Hood is that for right now? So that's, that's what I tried doing with sock like, like, basically Robin Hood meets wealth front but read write, and it was just too early. That's why I only did one consumer investment, and it was that. And so everything we do is getting to that, because insurance is the obvious thing, because payments doesn't exist anymore. In the same way it's over. Don't touch anything payments and payroll and all this shit. Payroll certain things, but because the money I heard about HBO, thank you so much. Yeah, I, you know, I put down a note three on 30 post, and I put another million in. I You should really throw in on this one, obviously,

Connor Crown  13:20:36
I tried it. It's, I'm getting a ton so much pushback. It's not, it's not in line with the thesis.

Joseph Guzel  13:20:42
What about all the broadcast extras that are? You know, I'm getting them paid.

Connor Crown  13:20:51
I'm still making the case. I'm trying again. Is that kind of in a different life, where he's, he's terrified of that space

Joseph Guzel  13:20:59
now, yeah, it's okay. It's like, it's that. That one is, I've gotten him around on other things with that one too, not unlike Hamza, where the people around there are part of should be part of your underwriting. And I'm not trying to give you a hard sell, but I just placed Jason Nazar as the independent and Jason I bought his company doc stock when I was on Andrew Westergren from Visa's team on corp dev at intuits. What got me to LA and then I he that got me my cross link job. Also it got me into venture. They got me cross link when I brought comparably to crosslink and then sold that to zoom info with him. It was and that's why I was me and Dana, and so he is Mr. Mr. Cash on cash return, baby, your favorite thing. So we're going to sell this business to TPG or one of these guys, because they're going to have to buy it, because there's no competition, they're dead. And so this is a 24 month exit. This is not a Hamza scale opportunity. And also, just because of the founders, ownership dynamic in the business as well, they only own 40% of their business, having been bootstrapped because they got so fucked on all the notes that they raised, nobody wanted to fund them, etc. It's it's it. This is a series of Series B, Series C, scale business, Connor. I'm not lying there. It's under the hood. I had a feeling it's like buying an old Porsche and everything works. The timing belts, good. Everything's good. I knew it. I just needed a paint job. You know, scare off the raccoons that were sleeping in it. And so anyways, the but Pico and stuff and Tiger re they're all, it's all about owning the pipe and creating the pipes now, which would be the enablement layer, pipes that allow us to do what Robin Hood does as an example, what a gift they gave us, just like simple did with Neo banking for me, of of selling Ford flow to Citadel, that was always their model, right? Sit, that's their example. Now we have a zillion set of citadels by virtue of winning on Hamza, you see. So we own all that distribution, distribution leads product. So we need to focus on giving them the product that they never had, that they want, just like Vlad did with Citadel Ken's like, I want all of this. I would love all of this risk and all this retail risk, if you can pull it up to me in a way that is programmatic and well priced and adjudicated and constant, like a payment stream, because who doesn't want to bond, who doesn't want a 50% bond? So, so What? What? What I sent Christina down the path of knowing that Ford flow was the model going forward for us, and we own the distribution to tradfi that nobody else does right as the system of record for a third of tradfi, it's we. The only ones we don't have are State Street, BNY Mellon and Berkshire and the, you know, the other REIT ones, but we'll get those through tiger Re. And I already took care of that. Greg Abel is going to be an advisor on that one, by the way, the What's that an advisor for which side, for Tiger re, which is going to be partnering with Pico? All three of these are Voltron, the one, the one that the fourth leg I haven't done yet, which is going to that's going to be the new model for Haven basically, is an asset platform, right? Is a permanent capital solution.

Connor Crown  13:24:45
So for Pico, the way that we're starting that brought that underwriting we're completing, I should say, not starting. I She still had a 2 million valuation before she goes out again. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  13:25:02
so, so I'll send you the note and stuff right now. I'm the only, I'm the only investor on the cap table. It's, it's, we did 500k on a 3.25 post cap, and she could raise up to a million on that. And

Connor Crown  13:25:23
initially, okay, so like two to four makes sense? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  13:25:25
to two to four is exactly what she needs, especially because of what I'm about to tell you, which is what I wasn't sure with pico yet and Christina was first off, what? What is she capable of doing? So I had to really, you know, feel her out. Usually when you're investing in executives, consummate executives, like she is, or at least was perceived to be. They're the hardest folks here. The one is, as I told you before, she's rock solid. Her strength is YouTube. You know, she worked at YouTube forever. So YouTube is what? It's not a product. It's a channel, right, right? And so getting her to lean finding, finding the right path for her to lean into this was really serendipitous, where it's actually like the thing that she's naturally good at, which is connecting buyers with, you know, supply and demand on both sides. So she's going to be building stripe meets plaid, and we've already built it, because she's going to be the stripe for getting all the Ford flow into Hamza, which we already have. And that looks like we forked Hamza's code, stapled it to her back. Hubert did it? So, yeah, exactly. So, so Hamza, so, so the guy sitting next to Matt camvic that we also got promoted and we got into this is why it was so important for Hamza not to rely on Azure in these guys. Is what we learned in Brazil for distribution Otherwise, otherwise we're just a fucking App Store thing instead of sitting there physically in the room. So the TRad, the guy that runs all the tradfi buying for risk sits physically next to Matt, Ken Beck and Adam, and I talked to him, and we're like, listen, we're trying to build the pipes to sell Ford flow to sell, you know, 80% bonds, basically, which is what private DNO risk looks like in your portfolio and mine. Have you ever had a claim. I haven't, and I've been deposed and I haven't had a claim. Nobody's even asked me for a fucking referral. Connor for DNO, so epic, for example, 100% of their book, and they're the biggest DNO brokers, is all public, obviously, because that's where they'll put out. Yeah, a on a ons in that too. But think about it, man, there aren't any price. There's you and I invest in inception stage C corpse for a living. I've been doing it for like, 15 years, and I've never had a claim or been asked for a referral. So so like Howard Marks has wet dreams about this, where it's a 22% loss ratio, this risk, if it's aggregated relative to the 56% loss ratio that it is in the public markets, where liquidity is free, which is about to look the public market, liquidity access is about to be everywhere, thanks to what you and I did with Adam and Huber, you see, and so and so, that's an 88% bond. So, so what's the market for 88 for people that want to buy 88% bonds for really cheap, what do you think it's called? It's called everybody. It's called literally everybody. It's called everybody, every day, no matter what, in every country that is an institution. If Apollo could just do that all day long, that's all they would do, but they can't get it. Now we can. So we're we have them on our system of record now we state we and then the other side of the pipe, or the plug is on the back of Christina on Pico, the epic guys, where we were going down the path before with Christina, I told her, like, look, we might have to go buy some brokers or some mgas, and maybe that's the approach we have to take. And I realized, no, it has to be two companies, maybe three. Pico is going to be the the app or Visa layer, like the the North. What, what pico end up looking like is actually visa. It'll be everywhere, everywhere that risk is productized, which is going to be as pervasive as a like on Instagram, right in blinding speed, okay, there will be pico in that transaction, permeating the movement of that risk, which is money, which is assets, from a human Being who may, who might be self insuring their own dental insurance. Because now, because of what we did, literally, that's going to be possible. They could collateralize that, get a loan on it, get a mortgage on their own risk as a human being. So now the whole banking things, yeah, but honestly, if everything was cloud it well, we shouldn't be doing that, because there was latency, and latency means that you can't underwrite things perfectly, like how you open your phone with your face, and it underwrites you perfectly, right? But I can't do it. So that's what's about to happen to our money, because it's going to be cloud penetrated thanks to the work that we did. And so that all that shit is actually obvious when you think about it, that's the obvious shit, not the crazy shit. And so we just got to get out ahead of it, while everybody else is still doing like aI agentic accounting firm shit, like let them lose money. And then, and then, so pico is the pipes into tradfi. Now we own pipes, and then perhaps, and then we'll figure out later, does do we have to do more? Does pico have to go more vertical or not? I don't think they do, because we already answered a lot of those questions like it. So with then with Tiger re, which you should also invest in, that I'm going to fund next week, to the same tune, 777, with that one, we have to do an acquisition which I could use your help with. Because I I've never rolled up an insurance mga as an acquisition. I imagine it's pretty easy, because they're just dudes with bonds. I built mgas and captives and stuff. A captive, you have a captive. I have a captive. It's called your GP account in SPV and SVB. And what, what that's going to be, is the aggregator, right? So, so Tiger Re is going to is helmed by my, one of my wife's best friends. He's become one of my best friends from from school. He's about your age. His name is Jason Tiger. Him and his dad, Peter, built the largest manufacturer of bubbles, like, like the ones we had when we were kids, the so, you know, with the stick, sold it to Warren at Berkshire. His dad just got Peter just got done, resting investing, like, weeks ago, before, before Greg took over. And there's a whole exodus from Berkshire that happened there. We got to, like, gobble up all that talent. But that's a different story, if you if you haven't already, and then Jason, his son, went on to, then do another bubble business, believe it or not, where he bought out the patent for edible bubbles and then built a sizable business in that where he was selling through retail distribution. He built it was probably like $30 million top line. He just sold it to PE and then we had him EIR ing over here, as we were kind of ideating. He's been working with Christina and stuff too. And so Jason, why he's interesting is He's Mr. Mid market. So when I when, what I just said about like self insuring your dental insurance, right? The the think of, think of all the businesses out there that should be self insured, and they're not, because they're not public, right? Every business can and will and should be insuring an aspect of their risk and using that as for stabilization of their P L, in some cases, like in like what I did with my father in law's, you know, billion dollar waste management business with auto insurance in a captive right, or in other cases, to bank themselves and access liquidity and banking and leverage in ways that that their credit unions and banks are not going to be literally able to do anymore because they don't have 0% mortgages to sell, and there's no latency in the market, which means there's no net interest margins in the banks, which means they're just ISOs and, and, and the guy, Tyler McIntyre from bank novo, who I back to the sea, that's a billion dollar business, crosslink company. He's, I'm working with him on that stuff on the credit union piece and and they're going to look like Fiserv ISOs, basically, eventually there'll be our distribution in the in between where pico sits and Hamza, and as the new mid market gets defined. And so Tiger re we're going to do 750, K on three and a half post cap. And then I'm going to reserve another million, 2 million and a half to the and then I'll convert that into a price round. And then once we find a target to acquire, which looks like a PNC managing general agent book that does, you know, workers comp and what

Joseph Guzel  13:34:37
we're going to do is Jason's going to go after the mid market, and he's going to go to, let's say my buddy spectrum, or name your mid market business in Chicago. Let's say it's spectrum retirement, or that other big old folks home one in Chicago. And it's like, and they all have the same kind of PNLs Connor, which look like a whole bunch of stuff, comes up at the top, and then two to 5% net comes out at the bottom. And they make a billion dollars, and they have over 1000 employees. That's called 40 million businesses, right? And say, Hey, what is the thing that you think is your variable cost on insurance that's actually fixed? And if it was old folks homes, they would say fire insurance, believe it or not, because old people light shit on fire right in there. And then it screws up. It screws up their whole their whole jam, their premiums go up. They're getting pulled with everybody else. And then Jason says, how about we allow you to self insure that stripe style, right? And we just remove that risk there, and we turn that into an asset. You self insure it. Your premium doesn't go up. We sell it up through Pico, which, which then looks like the reinsurer to Tiger, right? And then I physically with Christina, run that risk up to New York and hand it to the dude sitting next to Matt Kim big he picks up the phone and calls Apollo, and they buy it, and there's your pipe, and then we start to digitize that. And now that's called, that's called a trillion dollar business. That's called a trillion dollar seed round. Is that is that interesting?

Connor Crown  13:36:19
We, we, there's a lot we got a jam on. There's no question. Oh, we probably got one more, one more deal we got. So we're doing two. We're good, probably looking at, like, in a third that's in like, the two to 250 range this year. So we only tried to do two, three companies a year, right pico is the second. That'll find third. But

Joseph Guzel  13:36:41
I have another one for you that you have to look at, though I have another one you have to look at, but it's Chicago centric, but I'll get it to you. Don't worry.

Connor Crown  13:36:49
Yes, you will. And I want to, I want to set time aside so we just dive in that stuff. But before we can even get to any of that you're talking about putting capital in the ground, deploy and everything else. How are things on the home front? Yeah, last time we chatted, you know, we had trouble in paradise. So yep, are you? How are you able to even do these deployments? Give me the latest and greatest on how things are on the home front.

Joseph Guzel  13:37:14
Yeah, things on the home front are stable, and McLean and I are coming to a we actually have our hopefully last mediation here in two and a half hours.

Connor Crown  13:37:28
Okay, yeah, and so mediation, that's good.

Joseph Guzel  13:37:31
Mediation is good. There's no lawyers in it. It's Liam from cannonball, that's been managing it, and like, now that it's a lot easier for neutral party. LP, yeah, like, like, kind of taking it back. Connor, like, what happened exactly? It was hard to kind of make sense of everything for everyone from the outside as they saw this whole disaster, which was so fucking humiliating. And I can't believe that he did that. So that's McLean for you. But, like, look, you know, eight months ago, he basically decided that he was he didn't want to, you know, work with me anymore. He's been incredibly fucking hard this. It's been the hardest working relationship of my life. Man, since day one, like, I've been working with McLean since 2017 I chose to work with him for a reason, and it just, you know, just didn't go well, and he was, wasn't a good partner. You know, he's, he's, he has his moments, like when he's on, he's on, but like, I've been, I built this entire thing myself. Man, it's, it was incredibly taxing. Everything's like Hamza, where I ideated everything he and he just never, he never rolled up his sleeves and did any work down to, like a single investment memo or, you know, he's not attributable to any investments zero. What he brought to the table is the thing that he always didn't want to be labeled as his only moniker of worth, which is 10 million bucks from his sister, right? Most expensive cost of capital ever. That 10 million bucks. And I brought him on because I was trying to build something bigger with him, and it was part of the deal with Eric to release my attribution was to, was to take that would take him with me, and keep the coop money flowing, because I divested something from crosslink. I didn't just start a firm, you know, and and what McLean did was he made the unilateral decision that he was done, and so that meant Haven was done. So here's what didn't happen, right? As he went through his his, his, you know, family business of coup d'etat and hostile takeovers that he learned with his dad at the World Bank, which is nobody sat me down and said, Hey, Joe, I don't like working with you anymore, or I don't want to do this, or I'm not having fun. I want to do something else. I don't want to do Haven two but, you know, I co built this. You co built this, you know what? What do we do to make this like clean and work and work out for everybody and just like, you know, so we can have a beer with each other someday. That conversation was never had with me,

Connor Crown  13:40:21
as if it's so you are aware. And again, I'm sure this wouldn't be surprising to you. I obviously talked to McLean for the benefit of my fiduciary responsibilities of relationship with Haven, also for you, looking out for you as a friend. Just want to understand the whole picture, the scope, if the other side's perspective, that was the guidance I was giving just like, hey, why? All I heard was that this was about a hiring thing. I'm like, This is so small. Why don't you think if there's a deeper thing, just sit down and talk about it. Guys, like, that's right, I said the same thing to you. Like, I'm alone. You know how I operate? I'm very transparent. And just like, like, I want, I wanted both of you to find, and hope you guys continue, find an amicable exactly how you laid it out. Like, you know what? This is a chapter of our lives. We did something. We'll look back on it and grab a beer and share war stories down the road. This might be one of them. Yeah, but you know, there's a reason why they're stories. There's a reason why they're like, part of, part of the journey. But it doesn't mean we have to take this doesn't have to be the final story. No,

Joseph Guzel  13:41:28
of course not. And I don't, you know, even now I love him, it's just, it's what's hard for folks to understand is really just how, how poorly I was treated Connor, and I'm not sitting here looking for apologies, you know, like I he, it was really messed up. What he did to me. I mean, he, he started. It's kind of like, I don't know if you ever when you were younger, like, had a girlfriend that, like, you stopped liking her, and so you had to make yourself hate her, you know, like, that's what he did with me, and like, he has 50% of the business. He's an equal partner. So any excuses that he's making about me, or whatever it's they're just excuses, because he can, he has the power to do anything that I do. So this, any idea that I'm like marginalizing.

Connor Crown  13:42:16
Can I continue? You hit a very there's a very straight down the middle analogy that hits home to me. I had that I was cheated on, found out the worst way she was dead to me, made her life miserable because people realize I'm a good guy. She shouldn't have done that like it to the point where I started feeling bad about all that was being treated stuff like that. But for years and years and years, I truly I couldn't let it go. I couldn't let it go. I was hurt. I had to force again, like you said, I had to force myself to hate and then it took again over a decade, probably to finally grow, I say, grow up. I was younger at the time, but truly just wake up and say, you know, it's not worth that pain. I tried to actually mend the relationship, yeah, you want to happen? Went great when I thought that I was actually going to get back to being like, you know, what? She was ever a bad person. She was never like, this was a young, stupid like, this is just whatever a thing that happened as we were on the pathway to reconciliation. She got shot at her honeymoon in Mexico City. No way. I lost that chance to actually make amends. So I use that again, not to look for, you know, any type of ball, pork, honor and stuff like that. But it was a lesson of, I should have realized I can try to hate, I can try to get there, but the high road would have made life so much totally and trust me, I was at the field. I was at the end. It was, it was something that to this day I'll always regret. Like, I, you know what? I even if it hurt me, even if it was shitty, and I was the one treated shitty, and I was like this. I was the one who was not saying, You know what, this is like, I said a chapter of my life.

Joseph Guzel  13:44:10
Yeah, I know. I'm there.

Connor Crown  13:44:16
You're hurt. You were treated like shit. You're you just knowing your character from what happened to know you over the past. Call you now, two years now, you're gonna want to move past this in the best possible way so that you can drive I

Joseph Guzel  13:44:36
really, really appreciate that. I mean, that's, that's honestly what I'm trying to do and what I don't want to I do not want to hurt him or his life or anything. I mean, I'm sure you're, especially from the perspective of a real LP, like you are, or like Liam is, and McLean is not right. It's, it's that's that that's one of the things that is unique in this situation, and why he was so careless with his with his wife and his family, and he's about to have another daughter, and his wife's career where he's the brother in law, he's not the Scion, he's not in the room, he's not a decision maker. He's just the beneficiary of a family dynamic. Who of people I really love and respect. I think Larry. I think the world of Larry Lucy, they let me into their family. I love them. It's like, I've known them my whole life. I don't want anything bad to happen to them. I love them. Like, like, they're like, they're just fucking great people. Like, like, you know, it's, it's like, I love the kids, I like all that shit and and it's, he opened them up, if it was anybody but me. I mean, he opened them up to such a horrible problem, like, like, criminal, you know, and if they are made aware of that, whether it be through Wayne, Osborne and alkay, or through because, because of what he did and what he has been doing, and it puts cross link into a huge degree of liability, because what he what he does, really masterfully, is weaponize hope, which I hope that after this, he learns to Just stop doing that and that he doesn't need to manipulate folks that care about him, or to get folks to care about him or respect him. He doesn't need to manipulate them into feeling like he's a gatekeeper for a check, or like he is the LP, and that's how he defines his self worth, because he's a lot more than that, and and, and so, like, what, what's hard, what was hard for a second was just, I've just never been been faced with that kind of entitlement like that, in that kind of short sightedness, where, where, like, he quite literally set out in order a series of events of attacks he took shots where to try to, quite literally attempt to destroy my future, like in my ability to be a man, my career, my life's work Haven is my life's work. This thesis is Muhammad is has nothing to do with me being a good FinTech investor because a crosslink. It started with Bill Campbell when.

Joseph Guzel  13:47:58
And hopefully a lot of other people in the world, like, it's, I'm the only person under 40 that's just been doing the same thing in this business, one of like, I might be, quite literally the only one and, and that's why,

Connor Crown  13:48:13
what are we gaging here? I've been doing this

Joseph Guzel  13:48:17
well, well, sorry, what I'm saying is, I'm the only person under 40 I hear. I'm the only person under 40 that has only done financial services my whole life. Both is like the customer through into it. So I've seen so I've seen four or five cycles within it. That's why. Yeah, no, no, I'm not I'm not smarter. It's I'm not saying I'm not smarter, I'm not smarter. It's just, I, it just happened to be the I happen to have only done this, and that's it. And and I'm under 40, like, it's just, there isn't a lot of, there isn't any other examples of that, right? And so and so it seems like, it seems like a lot of cycles. You've lived the cycle. Well, no, I've made every mistake. So I knew, like, Hamza, Hamza, I knew what to do on Hamza because of zillion fucking years of things that I was so wrong on. And I was like, What the hell is going on? And so that, you know, that'll go away eventually. But the point is, with I the way, the way that, you know, I was attacked. I mean, it was, for example, he went on a defamation campaign starting in March when he did this the first time, shut off my access to my business and try to embarrass me and humiliate me and undermine me with with the founders and overwhelm me with work why he didn't want to hire was calculated. It was to over, continue to overwhelm me, undermine my ability to service the founders, to consummate the rounds, and so, because, because, like, it's just two of us here. I don't even have an EA there's and we've never processed payroll for an employee ever at in the history of Haven, we've never had a full time

Connor Crown  13:50:03
employee. It's funny, I have Sergio, my own employee processing his own payroll department. I mean,

Joseph Guzel  13:50:09
five, yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's, he didn't, he's it just, it's, he did that little work, right? He didn't do literally anything, not a single put something in a data room or or it's nothing for half. And that was fine, because I was, I was building towards something, and then he decided, I'm going to take this foundation away from you. You're going to start from nothing. I'm and I'm going to take the attribution away. And what that looks like, is, is, is this? Because you have to ask yourself, with you, it was different, because your your infrastructure is legitimate, and you're the Scion, right? And but he's always had access to effectively unlimited capital at zero cost, and his sister and brother in law have shown over the years that they are very gracious about putting, you know, their capital work in situations to help their brother get his, you know, equity professionally, right, whether it be crosslink or whatever. They're awesome about it. And so why the fuck does he need me or Eric Chen or anybody? Why does he have a billion dollar solo GP fund? Lucy would do it. I know she would. And that's how important your narrative and your track record are. And I saw that question, yeah. I saw that come to light with crosslink. Now, my friend, I mean, your family, were the first limited partners in crosslink capital, and which is literally what I'm trying to build here, the continuation of it. And now it's two different firms, isn't it? Eric is the venture side is 100% and truly split from the crossover 13 funds. Is a good run now, great run. Unbelievable, unbelievable run. And I owe it to Mike and Sandy and Sy and Jim and these guys that taught me everything. And like three of those, I think l squared, right, but, but guess what? Who has the series B attribution in chime, even though Eric channel made 50 to 80 mil personally, me, yeah, I took it. Yeah, I took it. It's a thing. I took with me so they can use it. I can sue them, but they don't have any attribution on that side anymore, even things like roofer I took Novo and they were happy to let me have it when it seemed like the gravy train was going to keep rolling. What they didn't anticipate was how vindictive Jim and Mike were going to be at the split because Eric and David did not respect the old guard on their way out, and I lived that I did respect them. Why wouldn't you want to learn from these guys? They're the best. They've made billions of dollars in these chairs, like Humble yourself. And I bring that up because that's what was weaponized against me with crosslink and McLean, because it was the hope, it was he was able to go to Eric and say, you know. And it's like, Hey, I'm going to give you, you know, because Eric needs him, he needs us. He needs to save right? And so it's, Hey, let's undermine Hamza. He tried to blow up the Hans around, dude. He tried to blow up the every set round I I've been, I've been literally playing defense for a year, but really playing defense for four years, because I've been having to do all this stuff since March of 21 man. And so then that my consolation prize for building a top decile fund. Right I did everything you can do with 45 million. It's probably lowercase one is, and respecting everybody and doing right by everybody is fuck you haven doesn't exist anymore. Your wife. Hold off your plans to start a family with your wife, because you're going to have to start from square one, and, and that's it, and I'm going to go across the street, and records work well, yeah, it will, especially after this conversation I'm about to have in a couple hours. And the one that I had last week, which, which I'm guessing you probably talked to him last week, I

Connor Crown  13:54:17
did not. So, yeah, filming on filming on that. And tell me about what's about to what's about to

Joseph Guzel  13:54:21
happen. Yeah, so, so, so immediately, so immediately he, because this is where I need your LP advice. So immediately, after last week,

Connor Crown  13:54:32
like friend advice, hearing about Joe, you know? LP, aside.

Joseph Guzel  13:54:40
LP, aside. What

Connor Crown  13:54:42
I'm saying, this is trend. Oh yeah, yeah, that's, that's the it's not, it's LP

Joseph Guzel  13:54:50
aside, yeah, sorry. It's, you know, I, you know, I talk weird sometimes. The what I mean when I say that Connor is, this is friend advice, but you're uniquely positioned, much like Liam was, you know, good Canadian soldiers

Connor Crown  13:55:04
make it clear, I'm not doing it from a tactical I'm not doing it from a

Joseph Guzel  13:55:08
it's your it's your perspective. Yeah, it's your perspective that is, is is valuable on both fronts, but like, you're in those rooms and make the decision. So what I need to what, what's happening now is, like, I have all the leverage, because he he and he knows it. He shot his shot, he knows it. So he just really needs this to go away and I can do whatever I want now, because I Yes. Last week, I came in and finally Unboxing with both hands, because my entire fund is matriculated, now I'm past the initial investment period, so I can breathe, right? And so they couldn't believe that I was defending myself or making any demand. McLean couldn't believe it. Where I approached it, exactly how McLean laid it out for what we have to deal with, which is, like the damage is done. I mean, I can't believe the reputational damage that he put on me, that he did, you know, and the damage he did to the portfolio, trying to destroy the thing that he even owns 50% of destroy it. He tried to, he tried to reverse a wire out of every set's bank account post consummation of a round. That's unprecedented. These are things I had to deal with and my team, my guys at duro, and the lawyer and Cooley. This is it was insane what he was doing, and then implicating crosslink. And so basically, it's, it's all the stuff that he did on May 5. I still don't have access to my email. I told them, Don't give it to me. I don't want it until we sign what will be a binding agreement. There's no more gentlemen's agreements here, because we tried that, and that doesn't work, right? We need a binding thing. We're getting divorced here, and priority is Haven and making sure that we, you know, in harvest mode, realize the value there, because the position that you put me in and put the firm in is we are weak, and VCs are sharks, and they cannot see that, and we don't have a first close on Haven two yet done. And now I know why. It's because McLean was planning this the whole time. He was supposed to help with that, right? Somebody has to do that when I'm doing everything else. And so we're going to split, I told him, and, and this is what's going to look like. We're going to, you know, release, there's gonna be the attribution test, and blah, blah, blah, and we're going to memorialize may 5. We're going to agree on a comms plan that is binding. And all this is going to be binding and get turned into a binding amendment to the GP agreement. And of course, the two things he cares about are the May 5 events, which what he can't have show up is that cease and desist that I had to issue after he illegally shut off my email and all my access controls to my business for the second time this year, and then started telling everybody that I was fired from my own company, and that I fired myself because he issued an illegal and invalid management consent and illegally amended the key man clause himself unilaterally. These are things I had to deal with, right? And then he tried to get me to sign a partner conduct agreement immediately after under duress, where he told me, we can make this all go away if you just sign here, which would strip me of all my rights. This is what happened to me, and I have it all on record, and so I'm not going to I was like that. He thinks that I'm trying to memorialize that I'm not. I just can't have it be shown that I was fired because I wasn't. I'm not getting reinstated. It just has to be memorialized that it's invalid. Is what they're going to see here in a sec. And then my attribution is my attribution, which is Haven's attribution associated to me, just like how crosslink was. We have a precedent for this. We did this to Stark Haven. He just didn't have any attribution then, and he still won't if he doesn't play ball, which he will and then, and you know, if we're splitting, then it's like, then that's just how it's going to go, because that's best practice, and that's what I'm going to have to going to have to do. I have to control my narrative. And then free is, uh, is, is, is that is, that's kind of it, sign art like we'll continue to to, you know, manage out the rest of the portfolio companies, but what I'm going to show them, and what they already know is, uh, what Liam and stuff already knows is, uh, there isn't. There's only about four more decisions to make, and they're all in the absence of recycling, and they're all already made. So there really isn't anything to do. I control all of the keyboard seats in name, so I'm the only one that can decide whether or not the value of this excellent top decile, top five, and it's vintage of its size fund. I did good, right? It's almost like I was trained by really good people. It's, I'm the only one that gets to decide whether or not people make money or not on it, because I'm I'm the only one that can do that, literally, so regardless of how you split up. So if McLean wants everything to go away, you know, it then he has to what I'm, where I'm going to land the plane, and what I'm where I'm trying to land the plane is exactly where it would have been eight months. So, anyways, anyways, what, what? What do you what? Yeah, what do you what do you think I should do going into this like, like, do you think that that's I'm just trying to get it to a place where I'm in control of my narrative, and I'm in control of the business, which he's I can tell he's willing to let me do because he needs the attribution. So what, and what I need him to do is to be a good boy and clean up this mess, and I will, and he will benefit from having co built Haven. I won't take anything from anybody, but you're not going to go and raise a billion dollars from your brother on my work after you destroy my firm, and then I have to go start over again with my life. It doesn't work like that. And that was a decision that you made. So, yeah,

Connor Crown  14:01:21
I heard it No. So I think the core, there's two core things. One, I think the thing that he wants this is just kind of my read on it is, and this is to your point of no gentleman's agreement. Put it in writing, dual decision making process moving forward. It's two yeses. It's not one yes, it's not a you guys are both yes going forward, stalemates happen, bring in the third party. Like, you gotta like, that's that. Like, give him that in exchange for correcting the narratives. Like you said, Yeah, I think if you do that, if you start on that, everything else will start to fall into

Joseph Guzel  14:02:06
that. One's easy, because we've all, we've always had it. That's what he keeps telling everybody. That's what he keeps telling everybody is that I was making unilateral decisions, like the one that he made, to do everything that he did again, unilateral decision he made to shut Haven down. That was not a decision I was involved with, you see, so, so it's and we've never, I've never consummated an investment, unilaterally, ever right from

Connor Crown  14:02:29
what I'm hearing, that's a that's the thing, I think that solves his narrative, too, to have that actually in writing, to say, Oh, the thing you've been telling people we actually are going to put in so that actually helps us move forward, as you all these things that's interesting. You're scared about.

Joseph Guzel  14:02:44
That's interesting. Yeah, so because his, his thing is, Joe makes decisions without me when it's that's not the

Connor Crown  14:02:51
moving forward. Like, if that's what you're worried about, we're taking off the table. We made joint decisions. Let's put it in writing, and in exchange, let's course correct, like, like you were never fired, and all that other stuff like that is the that's the trade off, essentially to say, let's, let's actually put in process a narrative that has been displayed, and that's correct the elements of the narrative that should not be there. Then we can bring this thing to a happy place. Yeah, that's, that's the way I approach it. It's not hostile. It's very reasonable. Yeah, it's hard to be like, No,

Joseph Guzel  14:03:33
but if I'm doing all the work, which I'm still doing 100% of the work, what's the point? Then there's no more decisions to make, right? So, like, what should I care about? Did you just

Connor Crown  14:03:42
answer your question? There's no more decisions to make. Yeah.

Joseph Guzel  14:03:47
And then what about hey? What do I do? How do I manage this? Like, going forward? So if I if you just met me and you were why I said the LP thing Connor is, like, if you just met me and I'm telling this story for Haven two, or for my own thing, what matters like, like? What would matter to you? What would you want to hear as one of the largest LPS in the goddamn world?

Connor Crown  14:04:10
Track record? It is. There it is. Hey. I started a cross link. I had a career. I went, you know, I built out cross link. Did these things. We spun out. I, you know, I partnered with a buddy to get out, you know, to launch this thing called Haven. After the learnings from Haven, I'm, you know, I'm doing my thing. I needed a partner. We washed it off, you know, we, you know, our investment methodology shifted over time, supportive of what he's doing. He's supportive of what I'm doing. We went our separate ways. Here's my new, you know, name, whatever. I don't know the names of you could tell me. It's fascinating.

Joseph Guzel  14:04:45
He seems to be, he seemed, after the last call, he made it very clear that he is cool with me, with a brand continuing with me. And so that was because that was, that was the opposite, yeah, that was the opposite of the thing before, which is ridiculous, because he was, like, gonna break my

Connor Crown  14:05:05
point, being the name the brand. None of that actually mattered. Lee Fixel. Is he? Tiger is the addition. It's Lee Fixel. The investor is Joe, yeah, like, that's who people are gonna go to then. So remember, like, a name is what, like, it's fun for you. Like, I spend so much time in Meteor, I'm expand

Joseph Guzel  14:05:26
style. It's not, it's not the name. It's more like it you're, you would be investing in Haven two, because the the of what we're just talking about with Pico and tigeree and stuff. These things feed into each other with with this business that I, that I built, isn't Haven a spin out of cross link. Havens a spin out of cross link. But that's over now we're still

Connor Crown  14:05:50
a spin out of, is it Haven two, or is it name X, Y, Z, the next point,

Joseph Guzel  14:05:55
the next thing is to create what cross link was, in terms of permanent capital, meets risk capital, to arbitrage cost of capital and win on both. Which is, which only happens

Connor Crown  14:06:06
on the world's largest LP, yeah, which pretty good. It's the strategy on the person. It's not, don't you will spit. You will be spitting yourself in so many circles if you're worried about keeping one name and one title, because, you know, a name is all like, I'm not investing in Apollo because it has a cool name. I'm investing Apollo because it's returns,

Joseph Guzel  14:06:31
yeah, and, and, but, but, and, but the distribution will be predicated on that, right? Like, I will win for you with Haven two or Joe one, because of the body of work that I control through Haven one, with Hamza, Pico, tiger, brick dynamics, all these things, and they will stack because it's just because of where we're at in the tech cycle,

Connor Crown  14:06:56
Sure, but that's, but that's the that's the internal you're gonna have that. Yes, that's fair enough. Fair enough. The this isn't, this is a divorce. Is not traditional reverse. It's not like you're splitting what you've built in these companies. These companies are about growing what you initially invested into.

Joseph Guzel  14:07:16
You're the only one that actually you're the you're the only one that has made Liam's tried to explain the same thing, by the way, but it's, it comes off. I didn't, it didn't click for me like that. So I, I really appreciate this. So should, should. So then should I, what should I do with him, Connor, what if you're me? I do. I keep him here and and should I be? How do I create a golden bridge here to make him feel like he's okay? Because he's scared and and about the attribution piece, about the attribution piece, he needs the attribution desperately. I cannot let him have it and walk away with it, because he's shown how careless he is with people's people's reputations and track records. Here, you know, he was careless with mine from crosslink, and now he was careless with my mind and my wife's personally. And so I need to be careful. But also, you know, help them out and get everyone what they want. Sorry,

Connor Crown  14:08:25
I think that that is the next that is a conversation after this one. This one, okay, let's bury the thing that is causing the most fear. When people have de escalated fear that constructive conversations can happen a we're going to cauterize that joint decisions are going to happen as part of that process. It is the future. It is the next thing. How are we actually going to amicably get to, you know, our next iteration of this haven to spin out x, whatever it is like that. I think, I truly think that's all he wants to hear currently. And

Unknown Speaker  14:09:08
okay,

Connor Crown  14:09:09
I do think McLean has a ton of strengths. I can see if you're running 1000 miles an hour and doing all these things, and you built all block, it can feel it's like, if Sergio was doing, like, it was, raised my phone and did my fun, but it's like, my fun, you know, like, I'll feel weird, right? I'd be like, Oh, wait, we're successful. We're doing all these things, but it feels weird. Want to know that I'm back, you know, pulled back into that discussion to step one, how we actually build the future. It's when the temperatures are cool, we're back to a level set. Hey, so I wouldn't, I wouldn't try to solve all the world's problems in a day. What we got to do is be straight with temperature down.

Joseph Guzel  14:09:53
Okay, that's, this is incredibly helpful, incredibly, incredibly helpful. And I'm making and making everything binding is a good move. Yeah, yeah, totally.

Connor Crown  14:10:02
That's, it's, it's very freeing up. People make it awkward. People do a lot of this stuff. But I think, I mean, Alyssa and I approached it of like, this is Bonner hits his head on a rock. Alyssa hits her head on a rock. They're a different person. And it's the thing we never want to have to use. Never want to have to believe ever. But you know, if it comes down to it, it's the letter of the law. That's what we got to do.

Joseph Guzel  14:10:26
Remind me not to marry you. It's you're you're accidentally falling on rocks here. Call this morning.

Connor Crown  14:10:40
Yes, a call this morning the founder that someone Alice, has known for 20 plus years, I went to dinners with, like his closest friends when I was evaluating them, and they're like, pre and post. This is amazing post. This is a different person. He had a psychotic break. This is a completely different human being, and I've known for 20 years of friendship like that happens. You have to put documents in place to protect from the thing that you hope. You put it in a closet, and you put it in a drawer and you never pull them out.

Joseph Guzel  14:11:12
You're, you're, you're so right. I mean, I remember, I just came from such a different world, man, and like, I've never had to deal with anything like this, but this is so

Connor Crown  14:11:21
right. Like, that's the reason why I handshake and say, hey, you know, I let lawyers do what they need to to make this handshake an actual thing, yeah. But like, as far as we're good, like, I'm done, I'll call the lawyers and tell them, hey, stop messing around doing blah, blah, blah. But like, unless, there's unless they're there to make sure, like, we do a handshake, and then you try to sink something in. That's what they're there for. I don't assume you're going to as long as you don't then there's no problem. But that's like,

Joseph Guzel  14:11:47
I'm going to do it like the old Ottoman Turks when, when I have a kid, hopefully not too, too far in the distant future, and then I'm going to send my kid to live with you for 10 years, like a story till learn the ways through an

Connor Crown  14:12:03
internship program. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  14:12:07
all right, I'll see you soon. You're in Chicago, right?

Connor Crown  14:12:10
Yeah, let me know the call goes today. I really appreciate it.

Joseph Guzel  14:12:15
I really appreciate you. Alright, see you. Bye. You woke him up. You look up the ground family.
