Joseph Guzel  11:03:44
Whoa, Hello, Hello. Hello,

Joseph Guzel  11:04:10
hello, That's weird.

Joseph Guzel  11:04:27
Hello, does that work? Ah, there we go. Yeah, it wasn't going through for some reason. How you doing, bud, dude, it's good to hear your voice, man. Long time. Yeah, I was been thinking about you forever. I was like, God, how the hell is he doing?

Liam Gallacher  11:04:45
I'm great. I'm good. I, you know, I, I, yeah, I've got a lot to change,

Joseph Guzel  11:04:54
so it's good to catch up. Yeah, it's, it's very good to catch up. I miss your Sage, wisdom and stoicism at this time of growing pains, growing pains within, within Haven and some sense of normality returning to my life. I imagine how like you felt when you were headed to Calgary, you know?

Liam Gallacher  11:05:15
Oh yeah, dude, for sure. Well, there's actually I cried. I cried the chunk of the way home, but I it was definitely mourn leading. But you know, it's also nice when you come back to a place where you're like, I feel good. I got I gotta tell you something. I gotta give you I have to give you a lot of credit here, because, like, I have, like, a relatively low view of a lot of, like, really successful tech people, just because it's just because I think a lot of them are, like, essentially all of their mouth adaptive qualities to like, not better the world. They just are like, really, not wonderful people. Oh yeah, dude. Like, I've really enjoyed talking to you about Larry, because he actually seems like a legitimately good person. Same thing with his wife, like they're just trying their absolute best to, you know, like, figure out how this all works, because I don't care anybody says being worth $100 billion has to be odd. Like, it's got to be an odd experience. It's

Joseph Guzel  11:06:13
a very odd. I judge a person by their kids, you know, they have great kids.

Liam Gallacher  11:06:17
Yeah, yeah. And like, it's like, Lucy seems like a great person. Larry's just like, you know, regular but, like, you know, definitely odd. But like, he's just odd, which is, I can live with that. He's kind of like Paul Allen, you know what I mean? Like, Paul just kind of, like, lived his life and did his own thing and was like, Yeah, didn't want to be in the spotlight. Wasn't like, going around, like, hanging out with Jeffrey Epstein.

Unknown Speaker  11:06:45
Yeah.

Liam Gallacher  11:06:48
He was, he was just doing things which, those are the kind of people that like, they're not defined by what they've achieved. They're just defined by who they are. And they're like, All right, well, if you like me, great. If you don't like me, that's okay too. Like, we don't have to hang out. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  11:07:02
yeah. No, they're, they're, I mean, they're good people, you know, and it's, they're in a, it's a very difficult kind of situation. And, like I said, you know, I think some God put me there, you know, or whatever is up there, whatever great, great force of humanity and spiritualness, like, put me there for a reason. Yeah, I can't, I can't. I can't say like, it's hard for them. I can't say the same necessarily, with respect to the people around them. Sometimes, like, I mean, I as much as I love my business partner, McLean boy has kind of, has he changed? And boy do I wish that you and I were talking more like we, like we, like we, like we usually did, like, especially last year, leading up to the election. I mean, it was, it was like an extra it was like an exorcism, basically. And yeah, for him, like, and for all of them, because it was like the reality distortion field of, you know, what is true, what is not, what is fact, what is this just comes like crumbling down. And for, I'm sure, it was that way for a lot of people, right? Obviously, well, I

Liam Gallacher  11:08:09
think, I think, I think, I think what that election really showed, in my view, was the massive divide between the people who have shit and the people who don't. And like, this is thing I'm not, I'm not a big fan of David Sack. I'm not a big fan of Elon like, like, I don't mind what Elon was doing with Doge. Okay, as long as it's like, you're not just putting yourself in there to, like, take power, you know what I mean, like, but whatever, like, we could talk, we could talk at night about that. But the thing that I think will be very odd. So I'm a friend of mine who lives in LA, okay, he lived in the Pacific Palisades, and he was, he was taking bets from all of his friends in like early, like early, early, early 24 early 24 late 23 that Donald Trump was going to win the election, that the Republicans were in suit the House and Senate, and all of his friends that were like members of La Country Club and really borough, all these places, all these like Democrat Baskin people like, this is easy money, right? And they were like ridiculing him. Oh, they're just openly ridiculing him. And he was like, whatever. And he said he was, he said he was the sweetest thing to collect money from those people. Oh yes. What he said was he was like, he was saying. He was like, These people don't because my friend, he operates an apartment like, see the plight of regular people. Yeah, right. He's not. He's not. He's not renting 5000 $8,000 a month apartment, $2,000 a month apartments, which is, like, still a lot of money in LA, but, like, whatever. And he was telling me he was, I'm seeing all these people, and he's like, I'm not talking about white people. I'm talking about African American people, Spanish people, Muslims, anybody. They were like, he'd seen this huge shift of, like, the lower socio, I like this Trump guy, like these other people, right? Yeah. And the reality distortion and the echo chambers that sound like these other people living in, and then when they can, then when he, like, wins by a relatively wide market, everybody's just kind of like, what have you

Joseph Guzel  11:10:25
missed? Yeah, yeah. Well, the same thing happened in 2016 but the difference is now it's like, it's, you had to hit it over the head. So much have they not overplayed their hands like that? I mean, I I'm like, it's, it's, it's just a simple lack of, like, a critical thinking muscle that. And I also think that, like, it's, you people forget like, because so I have the perspective of like, having, you know, had the refugee experience, right? Like I was, I was born in the US, but we went back to, we went back, went back to Kuwait, you know, after I was born here, and then came back. I came back, first with my uncle, and then my mom followed. Later, she was stuck for a while, you know, and like, there's whether it's, it's us, or whether it's, it's like, let's say, an Indian or family, or, like, you know, Asian or whatever, or Jews, like, it's just, you have a perspective of history, even, like, Canadians generally, because of, like, the European genocide, you know, like, that kind of, that kind of influence you you have, you have a perspective here. You have a perspective that is deeply important. And like the US, like, for the typical Anglo American, they don't have that. It will, especially the ones that were on the coast, like, you know, what's, what's, what I find odd and interesting. My friends from Bakersfield, who, like, have never had a passport or left the country, who are like, you know, people call them rednecks. I just call them salt of the earth, good people. Yeah, they, they have a deeper perspective. Because, like, it that is a culture. And culture breeds perspective, what, what the what this kind of, what this kind of, like, monotone, like, bleached, you know, communism, basically, like, you know, leftism, like, kind of breeds over time, I suppose, is just like, it's a bleaching of that critical thinking through the bleaching of the things that you know make us unique but bind us together. So

Liam Gallacher  11:12:36
there's like, a friend of mine explained this to me called the horseshoe series, and he's like, the extreme right and extreme left are actually the same thing. They talk about different things, but they're the exact same thing. And if they want, because they want the same thing, they want full control, they want only their narrative, and they don't want any opposition, so they will actually instinctively, like, destroy the opposition. They're kind of like the robot to the matrix. They're like, Oh, my God, humans die. It's like, kill that thing. And the problem is, is that the problem is too, is, you know, I've been thinking about the blood. The problem too is that the 24 hour news cycle, you have, like, so much information your fingertips, and you have Tiktok and Instagram and YouTube, and everybody's watching it, like, this zero day show that I watched that like, a pretty good example, right? You just have, like, all, like, it's really easy to get information, whereas, before you know, you read yesterday's news in the paper, because that was it, or you watch, or you actually, like, if you missed 6pm news, you missed 6pm news, it looks like maybe what happened? What happened? And so, like, what I actually think now, what's happened is, like, when I look at the news, I actually think it's all part of the same game. Oh yeah, it's all meant to just piss people off so that they buy more shit and they can essentially divide, divide, divide. And I don't know if I told you the story, but when I lived in Poland, I remember I met this girl from Michigan, and she was telling me that, like, yeah, I believe Michigan because of, like, you know, the culture of the politics. I was like, All right, I'm like, you know, like, I just want to be very clear here, right? Like, I bet you you just disagreed about my face with those people. You probably

Joseph Guzel  11:14:25
agree. The basis on each one of these beliefs is usually five things.

Liam Gallacher  11:14:31
Yeah, it's like, you probably agree on most things. You probably agree on pretty much everything, minus like five things that the news wedges in front of. Everybody is the same thing. It's like, all right. And then the other thing that I always found very, very funny, like, just, like, really quickly, about, like, how the Democrats did it, right? Like, they don't, like, we're trying to save democracy, okay, so, like, you don't have like an actual, you don't actually have like a you actually have like the you don't have like, as the delegate, delegates across the stage for like, Kamala Harris is actually gonna go run right, like, Joe Biden just like, took it, and then was like, I'm gonna have some stage left. They don't even, like, elect the person who's they're gonna run. And then, and then they're like, yeah, really lucky. Was like, yeah. But you might just literally put the person in place. We didn't even get a chance to, like, see who else could have ran. You just feel like this is, this is our this is our choice. And then her whole platform was, well, I'm not Donald Trump. And then finally, the media picked up on it. Was like, that great, but like, what is your plan? Yeah, well, and then the rest of us, you know, like, I always go back with Bill Martin. He's like, you know, Americans might be dumb, but they definitely can. It's not a liar. Oh yeah, they know. They know when they're being lied to. So they're like, don't like this person. You're fucking lying to me, and I'm not your chance over just lying to whatever sack of shit. And so what ended up happening with McLean? Like, did he like? Did he become like a rabbit Maga person? No,

Joseph Guzel  11:16:10
no. I sincerely wish I could say that, if anything, it's more well he ended up, first off, he was bringing way too much of his political stuff into the firm. Like, oh no, like, like, but not, not necessarily with the founders, but like, basically, like, you know, trying to psychologically kind of influence it all. And let me be straight up with you. Liam, like, as an LP, I mean, like, I have been trying to hire now. Like you've been, you've been with us since day one, and you are wise enough. You were always wise enough to know clearly, because you're classically trained in finance and in the first principles. Thinker that that you know, McLean does not have a track record, did not come to the table with like, a track record, or my experience, or anything like that, right? It was me and then him, and he's, yeah, he's no credibility. And so this was his opportunity to get that. But like, he so, oh, go ahead.

Liam Gallacher  11:17:18
I was just saying that what he brought was the level of credibility. What I'm saying, yeah, he brought his, he brought his Roma deck, he brought he brought Larry, and he brought these people who were saying, hey, you know, I'm gonna let this team walk through this gate that's really hard to walk through. Yeah. Like, you know, like, if you wanted to go meet with, like, I don't know, Richard Branson might just

Joseph Guzel  11:17:42
Yeah. Like, he gets that done. Totally, he gets that done, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  11:17:47
be fair. To be fair though, to be fair though it's like, this weird chicken egg thing. Once it's successful, that guy is like, not really, like, it's not integral. It's not as integral going forward. No, it's not because, because then it's like, oh, well, hey, DPI is four times, and your fund is, is a, you know, 48% IRR, that's impressive,

Joseph Guzel  11:18:11
yeah, and attribution, and, I mean, there's a difference between, like, you know, we can get into that, but like, difference between, between running the company of Haven, that is an asset manager and, You know, capital allocator than there is, you know, being a associate or even a partner at like any firm, let alone this one. And the roles and responsibilities like, this is my third rodeo building a firm basically from scratch, right, for sure. And so like,

Liam Gallacher  11:18:39
have you charged one more thing?

Joseph Guzel  11:18:42
No, no, dude, are you kidding me? Have you

Liam Gallacher  11:18:46
ever seen the documentary called The Defiant one?

Joseph Guzel  11:18:49
I think I have which remind me which

Liam Gallacher  11:18:51
one. It's about Jimmy Ivy and Dr Dre and then they interview. Oh,

Joseph Guzel  11:18:55
I love that one about it. I love that one. Okay, there's a

Liam Gallacher  11:19:01
I watched it recently. There's a great scene with Doug Morris. Doug Morris is a fucking super successful executive in the music industry, okay? And so, so Jimmy talked about bringing on Don Morris. He's super fun with bringing on Don Morris, right? But Don Morris is like, hey, like, you know, I always love working with Jimmy and and he's like, look, in the music industry, right? You need it. Okay, that's what you need. You always need it. So, the guy that gets you hit, which was Jimmy, okay, you might even do his job and all the other shit we do. You never ask Jimmy about, like, an accounting statement or, like, raising money. All Jimmy is out there doing is finding it okay. And so in every organization, right, you gotta, everybody's gotta figure out what their role is, right? It's like, Hey, am I the, am I the doer, or am I the, like, the creator, or whatever it is, right? And then, and then, that's what you do. I think the hard part, the hard part is, is that when you have a partnership, let's say two people, right? They each one 50% when you have one person who's like, Yo, I'm like, getting all the deal I'm structuring all the deals. I'm I'm talking to all the lps. I'm writing the fucking quarterly reports. I'm writing the annual report. I'm dealing with the fucking accounting. I'm dealing Yo, what the fuck do you do? Like, not being a dick. I just like, either you need to, we need to do a nice, nice division of power and division of responsibility, or I need to find a guy that can do that with you.

Joseph Guzel  11:20:39
That's exactly, it's exactly it's you are, as always a sage and a and a, you know, very orthogonal thinker, my friend, that's exactly what I'm going through right now. But it's like, so much worse than that with because it's just like, it's colored in just sheer exhaustion and and it's just too it's just, it's just too stupid to keep going, like this, Liam, like, so like, with respect to the hiring thing, like, okay, you know, he has, he has been blocking this stuff in some, in some, in some ways, for years now. Like, for example, like, down to it. Oh my gosh, it started. It started with, you know, him, us trying to bring on Parker, for example. This was because, because when my workload, there was always obviously an imbalance here, brother, right? Because, because, when, by virtue of the spin out agreement, I already came to the table with several, like, almost 10 at one point, board seats, right? I just rolled off the board of roofer from crosslink. Right? I, like I did, like, literally, last September, I rolled off the board of roofer after structuring the secondary and around for for Richard, he has a house in Montecito now. Good Canadian boy, all the way from the streets of Toronto to the to the hills of Montecito. He's got an acre, exactly. Literally, he's so happy, and it's fulfilling, right? He's probably

Liam Gallacher  11:22:14
rich enough to get fired,

Joseph Guzel  11:22:15
sure. Oh, definitely, definitely, he got fire insurance. And it's, you know, that's was one of the more fulfilling. That's the, this is, that's the fulfilling part, you know, but, like, for sure, but, but that, but keep in mind, like all of that, plus, you know, our timing, which was very fortunate given that I, I, you know, was, was aware enough to to pivot our portfolio construction and stuff in a, you know, to play offense with our capital at a time. And it paid off in the portfolio, which I'll run you through. But, like, the and so, so, so, like, it was about November 2023, November. Yeah, I know we don't have to run through it, but there's some cool ones. Yeah, yeah, dude, yeah, yeah. I'm not trying to present out to you, but, but I'll run I'll run you through that stuff later. But the, I need your advice on all this other stuff, but the, but, yeah, man. So like, it was, like, November of 2023, probably is when it started to get way too busy. And then I was, like, we got to hire somebody. And then, like, with Parker, he was, he was the co founder of peas, young guy, white dude, blonde, like he looks, he looks, he looks like he's 12, but he has the maturity of a 50 year old and and like, and we backed this kid. It was just clear that he was gonna leave peas. It was one of the, maybe the first three or four investments that we did before, like after around our first close in 2022, like, when we were finding our footing. I remember, I

Liam Gallacher  11:23:43
remember we were in, we were in New York for that crypto thing, and they were, like, hosting an event I saw you at when I went to social wherever that house.

Joseph Guzel  11:23:52
Oh, yeah, we were at Soho House, and you're like, Yo,

Liam Gallacher  11:23:55
I'm gonna go to this thing.

Joseph Guzel  11:23:57
It feels like a lifetime. Yeah, a long time ago. Yeah, and then, and so and so. Then, you know, McLean immediately, which goes and, like, does some spying on him, basically, on Twitter and whatnot, and then sees that he's a Trump supporter, or just, you know, he's really just a Christian conservative who cares. And then, and then immediate. And then immediately is like, No, we can't hire this guy. And I'm like, Whoa, and that that was the first of many instances where he's like, he Okay, so you blocking somebody based on their political affiliation and their religion, and we already back this, dude, and we haven't even had a discussion about it. You're saying no, and, and, and that continued, dude, like, last year in particular, and this and up till now, like it's it we have, we that we have nobody helping us with even scheduling and stuff. Right now, for the first time, I have been desperately trying to hire. I've got 20 board seats by virtue of managing the entire portfolio. It's absolutely untenable. And he he has started working less and less and less and less and less. He's just stopped. It was a lot. He was a lot more engaged in the early days. And then I think it's part of it too. Man is living in that Truman Show where he's got his wife, his mom, his kids, Christina's pregnant again. Oh how convenient on the year where I really need to fundraise because I was playing for Haven two here, you know, he got McLean, got a got a 300% raise for starting this fund. I've been, you know, I took up, I for, went a million dollar salary and named partnership, like the whole idea was, coupe comes in heavy for Haven two, so that we can get $100 million fund, and then it's, can be the McLean show, you know,

Liam Gallacher  11:25:48
and, and I think, I think the big thing too, right?

Joseph Guzel  11:25:52
He's, he said, he said, let me just add here. He's, he's been basically using his sister and the threat of of them as ammo to try to force us to make decisions on things like this, or to keep us from doing them again. He's not qualified to make these kinds of decisions anyways. And the second is, he's been, yeah, no, dude, it's really bad, man. And then the second is, he has been, he just hasn't been engaged, he hasn't been working, and he's been, it's, it's, he's, he's, he's been going out of his way to sabotage at all, and then he uses the threat of fun too, that there isn't going to be a fun two to try to control. Yo,

Liam Gallacher  11:26:34
why don't? Why did you hire my brother?

Joseph Guzel  11:26:39
I mean, that's probably a great idea. Like, like, I there, there's an analyst that I want to hire right now, but I'm kind of like, what do I do? Like, hi,

Liam Gallacher  11:26:47
hire Ben to do, to do the playing drill. Like, yeah, I should understand the thing that my like, like, I'm not sick. Look, I love Ben. Okay. But there are, like, there are certain skill sets that Ben is very good at. And there's other shit where I'm like, You know what you need, something else. Okay, yeah, Ben would fit to McLean role. My brother would travel all over the world, helping you raise money. He would do like you guys could sit

Joseph Guzel  11:27:15
down and say, Hey, I would turn him into a beast.

Liam Gallacher  11:27:19
You would Yeah, so. And the thing too is that he is a perfect age. He's 32 years old. He's like, the the the venture capital fund of funding is doing it, just trapped in fucking like Limbo because of the Harris juris commission. And Wayne ran for two years. Like, and he's kind of like, I'm at the point now where he's gonna run out of gas. Where am I? Well, it's not gonna run out of gas, right? Like, but the difference between Ben and and McLean is, like, look, rightfully arrogant. I'm not gonna need to work anymore. It just doesn't, like, I don't need to work anymore, okay, yeah, like, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's the same thing with McLane, right? McLean's sister is married to, like, the fourth richest man in the world, right? Like, and the fourth richest man in the world isn't like, one of those, like, hoarding, like, let me keep all the fucking money for myself. Like, fuck you. Like, get out of my way. Like, I'm sure McClain was like, Yo, can we go buy the like,

Joseph Guzel  11:28:20
sweet. Like, oh, his new thing, his new thing. I'll get you off on a tangent with this. But the new thing is he's trying to buy a nation state. What? Just let that sit for a little bit and we'll come back to

Joseph Guzel  11:28:39
it. No, no, no. Larry's trying to buy a nation state, is what I'm hearing now. What? This is a thing that a lot of these guys are doing. They're trying to create what I'm like, it's so like, Prussia. Like, What is he trying to do exactly here, like the Navajo Nation. And not only

Liam Gallacher  11:29:00
that, like what people don't seem to understand kids, there's a great movie called the triangle Batman, okay? And like, I don't have you seen it. It's a great movie. You and you and your wife should watch it. And so, what triangle status is about? It's about this, like, yacht that all these billionaires are like.
