Joseph Guzel  15:30:35
So what do we what we got is i? So, how caught up are you? Let me just so I don't so I'm not all over the place

Speaker 1  15:30:47
so well from from Adam's perspective. So our guy, Brian Shire, was not in meeting, but was connected to it. Steve reached out to him, got to the like the inbound lead from Sequoia, who arranged the meeting that partner focuses in the space. I know that Albert was there. I know that Albert wanted you know was challenging Adam, and he did a great founder response of you know, I think the question is, on the trillion dollar market it? And he broke it down from 30 minutes after the meeting. So we had immediate follow up to the main partner. So from there, I think I understood it. The other was the profit sharing with JP Morgan discussions, a kind that was a very brush overview he gave me,

Joseph Guzel  15:31:41
but, and sorry, that was today.

Speaker 1  15:31:44
I think that was today. Oh, he explained the update from it. So, essentially, 75 you know, if they had 75 asset managers every $50 million then

Joseph Guzel  15:32:02
we get done. You ever you have a really great memory? So, so let's, let's, I'm impressed. Actually, it's the and I don't know why I wouldn't be let me pull up this other one. So, so if it kind of backing up, because, like, stuff. Did we have we talked since I got since I left for Whistler? You were, like, deep in Aspen mode, and you had a lot of people come in and sound it

Unknown Speaker  15:32:22
seemed like, hard, yeah, no, I was just, I was

Joseph Guzel  15:32:26
attending a guest on your own mountain. Well, it's also just like, that's an exhausting amount of skiing, even for somebody as good as you and I are, you're way better than me. But right? I mean, that's like, because all these guys, Adam's intense Ricardo is intense every day you have intense guys coming in,

Speaker 1  15:32:50
yeah. I mean, it's fine. No one has ever, like, truly wowed me. Of like, you can be fast, but the way I broke it down for Adam is the tiers of levels that people really care about is, if I'm waiting for you for 30 seconds at the end of a run, three minutes at the end of a run, or five plus,

Joseph Guzel  15:33:08
okay, but I'm not skiing with you next week, but you're saying, If you're 30 seconds, what

Speaker 1  15:33:16
if you're 30 seconds, anyone like, it's, you know, whatever, top of the top class, like all that stuff. If you're between 30 seconds and three minutes, you can ski, truly, with any party, in any group. If you're three minutes and beyond, you're getting a private instructor.

Joseph Guzel  15:33:31
Okay, well, I've had five years we're

Speaker 1  15:33:35
putting that group or we're putting those groups together, I'm the only guy between 30 seconds and three minutes. Like, you just be like, Oh, they're slow, but they're fine. It doesn't impact the day, yeah? But once you get over that three to five minute mark, it's just like, you're we're actually missing runs, yeah? So we got to put you guys together. God forbid. So I've never, I'm usually within that 30 seconds to three minute mark. Oh, my

Joseph Guzel  15:33:59
God, you're nuts, man. So, yeah, I've been skiing for the last I'm the only guy that's gained weight skiing. I think in the last five years, as much as I've gone, because my wife, it's like, it's really slowed me down. She finally, she finally is gonna, I think two more seasons, two more two more seasons,

Speaker 1  15:34:18
and you gained weight. Gravity works, right? You should be speeding up.

Joseph Guzel  15:34:22
Well, I'm literally, it's the study this stuff I have to do so easy that I'm that I'm basically like, drinking a Bloody Mary, eating a Goble goal sandwich while I'm cruising down like the Portillo's the Okay, so I was in Whistler. That's when stuff gets started, getting hot and heavy with the with, like, he had the Sequoia meeting with that George guy, which I love, that he came in cold inbound. Like, how cool is that? That's huge, meaningful. Well, it's just like, it's just like, I, you know, I'm these guys, this, this whole history of this industry, is like, they're folk heroes. To me, you know what? I mean? Like, I just love it. And it's such, so pure venture, you know, it's like, doesn't matter. But

Speaker 1  15:35:07
there's some manifestation that happens there too, right? Like, you guys, from chime, you guys, I saw a bunch come through on your side, too. Oh

Joseph Guzel  15:35:15
yeah, oh yeah. The Well, that is, we never talked about that, did we? So that was what I was trying to convey as the fundraising attack plan. Like some of the, some of the practices and the moves to use and in certain situations, particularly like with a guy like Adam at this stage, it's, this is like, this is the weirdest stage, but it's the most important, because we're actually skipping steps, but it doesn't seem like it, and it's more like a Series C and not like a B in the current market, it would be a B in the, you know, the last five years, and, like, over the years. I mean, you know, if you put yourself in the situation as a fund manager of your own fund, like, you can't miss something from one of your hits, like the best, the best referrals, they always say, which is consensus, come from your CEOs. And that's like, often true. It's not always true, but it's often true and and, like, you're, you're, but when you're at, like, the growth stage, if you're talking about your breakout CEOs, I mean, Ryan, what's he? Ryan sent so many good deals to us and stuff. When he was, you know, the business was just getting its legs. He's so good. He worked with Sean Parker. He was, I think, CTO or VP at Comcast running all their infrastructure. He's, he's like a, he's like a Satya. He's like a, like an Anglo Satya. He's just such a good guy. And Chris is more classic exec and like and so now it's if you're, if your boardroom is Sean Carolyn from Menlo Yuri from DST, you've got, you know, you've got all these players like they do this stage, and God forbid that Ryan is invested in something. Ie Haven's fund the billionaire about to IPO that like or tells you to look at something, and you don't do it right away, because then it get immediately prioritized. So Sean or Yuri kick it down to their guys, and next day, Adam's in the room. None of this two week bullshit, you know, yeah. And so that's what I was trying to do. And with Brandon, same thing, triangulating around the firms also is what I was doing. So let's take UiPath, for example. Okay, Brandon, best friend, my best friend. And he's, you know, he's in Miami. He was Chief of Staff for Daniel in starting in like, I guess, 2017 long before they went public. And now he's CO and he's in the boardrooms. He's on the acquisition committee. So, you know, he's seeing more of these people. I know, you know Brad. He's in Brad guzner's fund. Personally, Brad's been on the board, once or twice, Elite from code, who's been on that board, and that the lady from CO two, who's or, sorry, from Sequoia, who's also Romanian, who's on UI passport and and so triangulating. And then it's also a UI path fit. I've been, I've been wanting Daniel dines to meet, to meet Adam. I think the two of them are going to become best friends. They're like, the same dude and except one talks like vampire and then, and literally, it's, you know, they need a system of record. So and Daniel and Brandon have a fund where the LPs are all those guys. It's called crew capital. So did the same thing with each one of those. I'm going to send out one out for Tyler, but I had a lot more I could send. I didn't do it because they just didn't have the right players around the table for Adam. And so then

Speaker 1  15:38:46
we also need you know we're doing this in bunches, right? Like, as he picks up, those emails become a lot easier, exactly.

Joseph Guzel  15:38:52
Well, well, the only, the only thing that we didn't say correctly, and that was totally my fault, because I'm supposed to be the the one that's like, the senior statesman on this, like, and it was totally because I didn't have employees. You saw me in Dallas. I was like, disheveled, the the only one we didn't set up, right? Yeah, the other well, there's multiple ones, so technically, I did you disservice there, because it was coming off like we fucked up. We fixed or you did

Unknown Speaker  15:39:26
give me, give me two seconds. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:39:27
you're okay. I just needed Chipotle burrito. I'm feel like shit. I

Unknown Speaker  15:39:54
Hey, there, yep,

Joseph Guzel  15:39:57
so, okay, so, like, and this, this last part ties in with the Sequoia thing. So, like, okay, it's not that, it's not that anybody screwed up Lee pixel. It's that I wasn't able to communicate everything correctly for take to just isn't a bad thing. No, like

Speaker 1  15:40:18
I said, he was what Adam needed as a dry run, as a rehearsal of this is a real legit guy. Oh yeah, but he needed to wake up for all the meetings that are set here. So by the way, me sending leave this. He thought that Adam, he thought that I worked for Dan Drexler. We did no way. So Adam was the one who correct him, like it's actually the other way around. No way. Him passing on this and we bring this over the line. That's this isn't we're good, wait. Well, we

Joseph Guzel  15:40:52
can bring it. We can bring it back to him. That's the thing, exactly. And that's why, yeah, exactly, yeah, so, so, so, here's but we can get them this time too. I'll show you how. So, like, the only, the only one we did correctly, you and I would, at least in the beginning, was, was John and Matt Harris, okay? Because, yeah, Jonathan. Like, look, I flew out there for Jonathan. I flew out there for that one little interaction for Jonathan, that's it, that that made everything worth it. I would have stayed for a week for that, because that was a psychological touch point that's just going to, like, improve everything I did two, three meetings worth of work in two seconds from him moving from the stage to there. That's all it takes, right? And then it adds credibility to everything, which you're really astute about that so like, and then Matt Harris, of course, like, like, Dana has been waiting. She hasn't said it, but I know, you know, I've been on boards with her forever. The she's been, she's been waiting to get something to Matt for 10 years. Okay, like they did the acorns board together. They're friends from forever ago. It'd be like, it'd be like, if our, you know, it'd be, it'd be like, if me and you were hadn't seen each other in 20 more years and we got on a board together, or something like that. God forbid, though, and but think of all their funds. Man, like, like, okay, so if you take Jonathan, Matt Harris, Spain, and then Lee, right, yeah, and then throw in Sequoia, right? So what are we dealing with? Oh, throw it. And then throw in maritech, my buddy Arsham, who just got the got the job there. He should have been the first meeting before Lee, um, they if I would have staged it differently. But he wasn't even announced yet. So he was at lightspeed now, okay, Jonathan infinity, big, right? It's like the biggest, okay, then Matt Harris, I don't know, couple, like 5 billion, right? Probably like a light speed size fund, right? Yep. Lee Fixel, we know they're a billion one

Speaker 1  15:42:50
and a half. And he likes million million dollars legs. There 10 go. 10

Joseph Guzel  15:42:53
300 300 million, right? And Sequoia invests out of like a billion. Well, it depends on what vehicle, but, yeah, that's the thing. There you go. Depends on what vehicle. It could be, the 10 billion vehicle. It could be the ten billion vehicle, or something maritec. They are the benchmark of the growth stage, very underrated, incredibly Excellent. Your family should can seriously consider it like getting to know them. I've happy oursham And Brandon and I like these are my best friends. They're going to be your best friends. He's, he's, he's, actually your age, almost exactly, I think, yeah, you're 30 you're 33 right? Yeah, yeah. He's, he's, he's awesome. 3 billion always, like, three ish billion. They're currently Union Square Ventures and benchmark thing, always, consistent, always, now, what are we dealing with? We're dealing with, like, we need 3040, 5060, 7080, or a billion. Okay, but more importantly, what do all of these people here need? They need to own 15% for their initial capital, exposure, exposure, ideally, right? Maybe it's 10, right? Ideally, it's 15. It's not 20. It's something but it's something like 15, and the lower the check can be for more for that 15, the more flexibility that they have to turn a maybe into a yes, right, right. For Jonathan, he's got the least amount of flexibility, one of the least, because it's just he needs to be able to put a lot of capital to work. So he's okay waiting, and he's probably not going to do they don't. They can buy anything they want, because they have more money than God. So it kind of does. They prefer to buy companies that aren't for sale exactly, just like the best talents always hired, right? And then Matt Harris, the man who I you know, he's like, he's like, the mace window. Mace window to my Qui Gon, you know this guy passed on chime, step novo brex, he's made it abundantly clear that he's done one application layer, investment. It was acorns. And he's kind of just did it to hang out with his friend, Dana. And it's kind of cool that it worked out. He's been waiting for this forever, right? And if you watch any of his stuff online, he does two things a year, and you will hear Adam's pitch right now. He did it six months ago, and that's when, and you ask Adam, I started telling Adam, we got to start talking like this six months before that. So you just see the stages of the sector focus right now, Matt, now, Matt, let's say he has, you know, single digit billion dollar to be rude, but we got, like, two minutes. Oh, I'm sorry, man, yeah, so, so, yeah, these guys all have to Adam has to go in and tell them, like, let's say for Sequoia. Okay, he's what he hasn't been doing and he needs to start doing is not answering all their questions, because he's he's got to be give him Steve Jobs, because now the business speaks for itself. And more hilarious than that, we thought it did already, but obviously the feedback was like, Well, how do you land and expand? JP, Morgan, how you going to do it? How you going to do it again? How long is it going to take? Well, woke I woke up on Monday. Yeah, I woke up on Monday, and he fucking doubled the whole thing by asking politely, did you not? I can't believe it. So

Speaker 1  15:46:25
actually, he he doubled it when I was in Colorado. By the time I'm in Chicago, he's tripled it, because now we're in the third now

Joseph Guzel  15:46:34
i this morning. There you go. It was news to me. It's there. And the rev share model and 15 basis points, that party is very interesting to me. We modeled it at eight and a half basis points. And then the rev share agreement. Can you believe they it was half, yeah, 5050, I was like, this is that can't be right, right? And then 1.2 basis points. JP, Morgan takes the other 1.22 basis points. That's the 5050, then the wealth manager piece 5.6 so I mean this, this thing is worth billions now, dude, like, actually, these are five year things. This is we. This wasn't supposed to happen at all, like, not at

Unknown Speaker  15:47:21
all that happens fast. Happens really fast. Well,

Joseph Guzel  15:47:24
all he did was ask politely. I'm like,

Unknown Speaker  15:47:28
it's funny, how far that goes, right? Yeah.

Joseph Guzel  15:47:30
Well, it's like, we're already in there, so I guess they're just bought. But it's so Dude, this is a it went from a $20 million contract to 42 to 80 plus all the kickers. So that means it went from four to 10 to to 20 million a year in revenue. Put a SaaS multiple just on that. So we're, let's call it a billion something. Okay, then add on the other shit, like this. This is a multi 100 million dollar business next year.

Speaker 1  15:48:02
Yeah, easy. We're not even other banks. Well,

Joseph Guzel  15:48:06
we got them all right, so we're getting paid for them, and then we're gonna get the lock in on them, and then we haven't even sold those guys yet on whatever. We haven't we haven't gone to Morgan,

Speaker 1  15:48:14
we haven't gone to Morgan, we haven't gone to Goldman, like they were gonna get to them, but you

Joseph Guzel  15:48:19
and I are gonna, yeah, oh my god, you, you and I are going to fucking crush this application layer, Connor, like, what we have, all the distribution, the whole agentic FinTech application layer is we own it. We own the we own the door and everything. Microsoft doesn't have this. Google doesn't have this. Amazon doesn't have this. Nobody has this UI path service. Now, none of them have this. And then we can just invest in the apps all along the way.

Unknown Speaker  15:48:51
Yep. Okay, so is there? Is there anything else we need for Sequoia?

Joseph Guzel  15:48:54
Yeah, Sequoia. So Sequoia, I told Adam to tell them he's an LP

Unknown Speaker  15:48:58
of expanse. Okay, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:49:00
so, so, like, with Sequoia, or any, or anybody else, if you're doing any back channel, I haven't heard anything. But, like, make sure they understand that they don't need to expose $30 million of capital right now. They can, they can. We can get them there on 15. Yeah, easy, yeah, that's it.

Speaker 1  15:49:15
We'll run another round next year where they can employ a lot more, but they know they have some meaningful

Joseph Guzel  15:49:21
ownership. They'll do they'll do it right afterwards. That's, I'm

Speaker 1  15:49:24
saying, that's what I was talking about, right? We close here, and then we go to the UAE with a 3x on it and say, All right, let's just you're up our balance sheet.

Joseph Guzel  15:49:31
Yeah. And then you went, so you and I got to think about what, what we need between now and then. So that one's probably the way to even do this. Now that we

Speaker 1  15:49:39
have this, the fund can put in is 3 million bucks. So whatever you can do with the other two, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:49:44
well, we'll do, maybe we take it direct to the LPS. I need to fundraise, man, and then we look like heroes. That's, that's, that is the thing that would be

Speaker 1  15:49:52
the winner to be able to, I've already offered the initial cow invest. We have to obviously understand what the particulars are. But once we can pull together what this is that

Joseph Guzel  15:50:05
I would bring, I'll figure I'll figure that out for some 24 hours, and take after a certain point, it just offers it to our LPs, what we can look like heroes, because we know that this is so let's say we do it at 30 or 40, is what it closes at. We keep it between 250 and 300 posts. It's going to look like a ten million check or 15 and then cats and dogs. But that's fine immediately. But, and I'm talking about q3 this will happen because they'll force it down our throats. We'll get we'll get $100 million round done. And so that markup is gonna, is gonna be really meaningful for everybody. This

Speaker 1  15:50:41
goes back to my initial point, happy years. Let's get through the first hurdle. Let's get, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:50:46
I always got a forecast. We'll talk about the 100

Speaker 1  15:50:48
million dollar round. I love it. I believe that we're gonna do it, but let's lock down the first part,

Joseph Guzel  15:50:52
yeah, we yeah, we'll get it, dude. I mean it's this. This is okay, yeah, we got it, we got it, we got it. Okay, call me back. Let me know. I'm around you.

Unknown Speaker  15:52:28
Your call has been forwarded to void you

Joseph Guzel  15:52:42
What a fucking mess. The All right. Haley, Hey, how's it going? Long time. Se,

Unknown Speaker  15:53:13
I know it's been a minute, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:53:17
oh, man, just getting my ass kicked, but in a good way. How about you? How you been similar? I guess, I

Unknown Speaker  15:53:23
guess getting my ass kicked, but in a good way, sounds

Joseph Guzel  15:53:27
like your business is booming. Yeah, good. So, yes, well, I'll get well, I'll get you busier. I need you. I need you. Yeah, I need all the things, the So, God, we haven't talked in a minute. Yeah, and then have you chatted with McLean or anything?

Speaker 2  15:53:54
I haven't chatted with him directly. He did have me talk to the Corgi labs guy Brian yesterday, so I had a good talk with him. It went well. I mean, essentially he said he doesn't really have money for marketing stuff yet, but, I mean, at least I got him to fill out my like little website question. They still

Joseph Guzel  15:54:12
don't know what they're doing, and they haven't wired their money yet because I'm holding McLain hostage. So, no, I actually am. Yeah, so here's what's happening. So you know, that fat fuck, he has been, look, you know, I pulled him out of IR, you know, gave him a shot back, the whole fund, and then he's been sabotaging things back and forth like crazy, and it's been like, long story short, we're gonna kill us a trillionaire. So, yeah, so we it's, it's, I'm figuring out what to do with him. One is I'm taking control the firm, and I just basically did it. It's not totally Marilyn mccoffin yet. I know it seems like I have control, but also we're 5050, partnership, and like he's and so it's just hard with these things. It's not like with a company, yeah, and so, but it's actually, it makes it pretty easy, also in other ways, because, like, I just submitted an offer letter to a nice boy named rithwick that is very, very good, and you're going to enjoy working with he starts in April. Yeah, would you say that we've needed somebody? Yeah? No, you definitely need it. Yeah, I kind of needed somebody back when Jacob was supposed to come here. Yeah, it's been a year back to Jacob's fall, it's been. Yeah, and in a bubble, like, in a bubble of a reality that was not the man that I knew before, sincerely, he's like, there's, there was a good man, there was a Luke Skywalker, yeah, and, or there was a Anakin Skywalker, and he became, you know, Vader, a shitty Darth Vader, the shitty fucking Darth Vader, shitty fat Darth Vader, yeah, yeah, he's just all soft and and so, yeah, I mean, look, I'm actually really good about it. Last year was just really hard so on me. So because of marriage and everything, and, like, my whole life reconciling, and I lived in an Airbnb for three years. So, like it all, yeah, a lot of people didn't realize that either pandemic hits, I was supposed to be living in New York, you know, yeah, because I was supposed to open crossing capitals office out there, and then pandemic hits, plans get derailed. I was already selling all my stuff in SF, and ended up in LA and then, you know, eventually, when everybody decided that we were just going to do this, and then I met Ashley, and then got a fully furnished Airbnb, VRBO thing in Venice, and started Haven a year later, like it was all, we didn't know what was happening. And, you know, I didn't want to go back to SF, right? And I so and all my friends were here, um, so anyways, like, fast forward, and here we are. Like, in it cost me a lot of money to start this firm, you know, it didn't cost him any. He got a raise. I got a pay cut.

Speaker 2  15:58:24
I mean, that's how, like, really, really rich people like that's usually outcomes, right? They just get richer for no reason.

Joseph Guzel  15:58:29
Oh, yeah, it was, it was very if you ever, like, if you take any lesson from this, because I, you know, I didn't, I didn't have mentors to help me with this. When I was younger. I had to figure everything out. I didn't have a Joe just don't, just don't 5050 with anybody that you're not truly 5050 from a life perspective. If somebody would have given me that for that feedback, I would have, and I still would have done 5050 because I'm the one that allowed it. I just would have put some other rules in. Yeah, that's it. One paragraph, yeah? Like, who gets to make decisions? Yeah? No, totally. On these things. He's done it zero times. I've done it a bunch of times. He's never sat on boards and been an investor. I have. So it's needless to say, first order of business on the deck, just to make me feel nice and good, take his part out. Well, no, make them, make them nice and smaller, and then we're gonna and then add a space for the new person, and then the other new and you and the other new people, right? Cool, yeah, we got to add on the team here. Oh, yeah. And then, um, and make it more like platform. And, you know, my track record is the front and center track record, like he can be next to me, but it needs to be really clear, like, because all those things are mine. Yeah, no, totally no sharing. It was definitely, like, a difficult, like, slide to make. Yeah, I'm like, you're

Speaker 2  15:59:51
like, trying to make it look equal, but I'm like, but it's really not equal. And he, like, does not have enough, like, logos or anything to put near him. It was a hard, it was kind of a hard task to make that timeline, being like, Well, Joe did everything, and then McClain, yeah, he's here.

Joseph Guzel  16:00:07
Literally, he's, he's just, he's, he's quite literally just existing. Yeah, he exists. The hard, the hard thing, the hard thing with guys like like that, because I have really rich friends. So it's not, it's not that he's rich, because, you know what, Larry's rich, and his sister Lucy's rich, and they bust their fucking asses. And I know a lot of rich people Buster asses. Some of my Yeah, some of them, yeah. Most of them, actually, most of them, yeah. Most a lot of people. It's very hard not to be have been born richer than me. It's very hard. So like, Yeah, I've seen both ends of the spectrum. Certain things are the same, $0 trillion dollars. Yeah, zero power, all the power. Zero country, all the countries buying a nation state, if you want. Yeah. And some things are the same. And he is. There is a him with the $0 you know, you've met this person, you've met this shit. I'm very disgusted with him right now. I don't know what to think. Sometimes it's just all kind of come together in the last few weeks with some moments of clarity. And so you Yeah, what it is is you don't want to like, how do I put it, if I guess, if I guess, like, like, the rule is that you, you should 5050, with somebody that's like, that is your equal in the truest or not, but like, it's what he wants. Like, I don't know what he wants. And with people, with my friends who are rich and motivated, I guess they just know what they want, yeah,

Speaker 2  16:02:02
they have goals. They have, like, a path forward kind of thing going

Joseph Guzel  16:02:06
on. Yeah, it's, like, the, I mean, like, Do you know what you want? Like, like, I knew I got here from process of elimination, really. I mean, it's it, which is the only way to do it sometimes. Yeah, totally. But,

Speaker 2  16:02:18
I mean, I've always known what I've wanted, like, my whole life. I guess I've always been very stubborn, and being like, this

Joseph Guzel  16:02:23
is what I'm doing. But is it what you want? Like, are you doing what you want right now, I'd say

Speaker 2  16:02:27
I actually am. Yeah. I mean, like, I've always liked to be able to make, like, art and get paid for it in a way, like, even it's hard for other people and things like, that's the dream. You know, I'm working on a lot of

Joseph Guzel  16:02:39
cool projects. I have one for you, by the way, don't let me forget. Oh yes, oh man, and you've got them just in time, because it's hot. It's the CEO of Hansa. Oh yeah, yeah. He's, he's, like, he's, like, a straight up arts, like, artsy guy. He's, I don't necessarily think his art is great. It's a little too like clerks meets Reservoir Dogs, meets Beavis and butt head meets 90s vibes. You Oh my god. Like 90s like, like, whatever, the after the when the Rat Pack started cutting their hair, I guess, like, like, like, like, mirror, Max vibes, gotcha, yeah, okay, but he's, but he's creating an animated film using yeah and yeah, yeah. And he's been wanting to work, well, he's wanting to work on this forever, like, if, if you since we don't have, like, a lot going on, Hamza is fucking crushing it now.

Speaker 2  16:03:39
That's still, that's awesome. We, I know I tried to, I think I tried to connect with them a couple weeks ago, and we just, like, missed each other, I think, on email. And then things got crazy.

Joseph Guzel  16:03:46
We were in the vortex. We're waiting to hear from Sequoia right now, and the business went from in literally the course of three days. We so we signed that giant contract right JP Morgan, contract was 20 million bookings, five years, 4 million of revenue, and he just asked politely a couple times. And today it's at 80 million. And so it's at, it's a 20 million a year in revenue. No, yeah. Is that right? 2020, 6080, yeah, something like that. Yeah, yeah. 70 million. 70 million. Yeah, 70 What the fuck. So it just, it went from four to 10 to like, 20, I guess, a year. And then all the other stuff. They pulled up everything, everything that we thought wouldn't happen for years. Yeah, they pulled it all up. I think it can be hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars by next year. Like, actually. Like, it's actually, because this is all real. This isn't like, Oh, I hope we get it. We already got it, and then they just up it, wow. And then, and then they're distributing us to all the banks, and they're in. They were like, Okay, we'll do 5050, huh? That feels like too much. Yeah. I'm like, what like, like, this is it like? This is a public this is a public business. Yeah, so this business is worth let's see actually fuck. And you know what, you're gonna love this. Okay, so what do you think a Joe Guzel desperate mode case study was for this kid that works for John Klein, one of our LPs. He's, he's a little Indian kid. I thought that he was like, a little nerdy, like bitch boy and and it turns out this guy's a fucking shark, like, because, because, because I told him everything about McLean. By the way, I wouldn't bring a kid into this bullshit, right? And he just wants, he's like, I like this danger. I'm like, what? I was like. I was like, I'm kind of scared of him now. And he, he made, he made this whole fucking thing. Like, I can't believe it. He did everything, he built everything he did that he did, like, the whole model, the data room. Like, he got this fundraised, he coached him. I didn't have to check his work, bro. Wow, that's how you know. That's how you know. I gotta show you what I gave him as the case study, because you're gonna laugh your fucking ass off because, because McClain was fighting me on hires forever. You know, think about he's been blocking hires for years.

Speaker 2  16:06:34
Oh yeah, no, totally. I mean, even just with the assistant thing, you guys couldn't really,

Joseph Guzel  16:06:39
because he, yeah, he doesn't want to do anything. He wants to use this as a form of control. So he's, it's so lame. And I just sent an offer letter to the kid. He called the kid and tried to tell him that he's not hired. And the kid was like, Okay, well, we'll see around.

Speaker 2  16:06:59
Wow, that's, I mean, he's, he was trying to weaponize me or something by like, getting me, because I'm not used to him emailing me usually, and when he emailed me the other day being like, hey, you should talk to my person that Corgi labs or whatever, you know, I was like, Oh, interesting. Because, like, usually, like, I talk to you.

Joseph Guzel  16:07:15
Well, he what happens in the background is, like, I've been shellacking him in different ways. And like, he could tell he basically tried to character assassinate me Haley last week, if it would have been last summer, he could have taken me out. Yeah, not, not this time, baby. No, not this now, that's good, yeah, good luck getting butt fucked by the by the internet at in your room, the rest of us, your fucking life, right? Yeah, absolutely. And so, yeah, I mean, like, lawyers, everything. I got it all. I mean, I moved in precision here. He's not going to be gone, gone. I don't want to take everything away from him, but he, I need to minimize him. He's just, he's not, I can't trust him. He's not smart. It's, it's a breach if I do your responsibility, all of it. And, like, I don't know, how would you like to do a tell all? What should we do? Like, a tell all claymation. Stop nation of life with the pages. Does that sound like an interesting art project? Start, start brainstorming things that actually like some kind of video. Like, what do you want? Like, we could

Unknown Speaker  16:08:19
do something you had me at claymation.

Joseph Guzel  16:08:21
Yeah, Nightmare Before Christmas meets Haven and the truth behind life with America's richest family that controls all your motherfucking information, yeah, in a Trump administration where meritocracy is an executive order, does that sound like something that might be interesting to you? Like, I mean, how good would that be? And guess what? I can do it. Yeah, hell yeah. Movie. Well, you know what? It's pretty easy to do, because I have every fucking conversation recorded from March of 2021, to now. Damn amazing. I know, right?

Unknown Speaker  16:09:00
I know. Yeah,

Speaker 2  16:09:02
we can at least train AI on his voice, so you can even recreate, like, if you want to write new lines.

Joseph Guzel  16:09:06
I mean, here's what I'll promise you, when I when I need you to do it, you're just gonna, boom, you gonna pull it. I'll give you everything. Because if I have to do it, I'm going to do it, by the way. Yeah, his ex wife did it. It worked out for her.

Speaker 2  16:09:18
Yeah, you gotta play dirty. Well, if you

Joseph Guzel  16:09:22
take my life away, this is not just like some rich person, right? Right? No, totally. If you have to play dirty, if you have to play dirty, then you know, you play to win. What does it cost to settle like for him? Nothing. It could. I'll change your life.

Speaker 2  16:09:37
Yeah, no, totally. I mean, he'll like, he'll be fine at the end of the day, of course. But

Joseph Guzel  16:09:43
also, three, no, he's never interviewed for one. Oh, my God, that's so crazy. That's so crazy. Yeah, I think, I think, like $500 million sounds good. Yeah, I'll give you, I'll give you 25 I swear to God, I would sign up for that. I mean,

Speaker 2  16:10:04
I would, yeah. I mean, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:10:11
that's a lot of black lace, okay, yeah, that's a lot of that's a lot of DJs. Yeah, that's a lot of strobe lights.

Speaker 2  16:10:20
So many strobe lights. Holy shit. Yeah, check out this.

Joseph Guzel  16:10:23
Check out this case study. Yeah, you're gonna love this to me, it's actually i

Unknown Speaker  16:10:55
Wait, is that as a case study, or is it just, it's this email, right?

Joseph Guzel  16:10:58
Well, he the kids on the email, rithwick. I shouldn't call him a kid, but yeah, he's, uh, this is me sending him to Adam, and I'm like, because I just wanted to suck the oxygen room. He won't let me hire anybody that isn't like, like, literally, he has this, it's rich man pilgrim. He has family that was on the Mayflower. You know, I remember rich, rich man's pilgrim. I've never dealt with this man. And, yeah, he tried to call on it colonize me. Fuck that. Yeah, fuck that shit. Like Jacob picked up on this. I didn't. I owe him the but I was trying to suck the oxygen out of the room here, like, it's like I worked with you forever, you fat fuck. Let me. Let me go ahead and this is an impossible case study. Make my fund, yeah, or don't, and fail, and he did. But do you like that? He's his. He loves working 24 hours a day, all night and through the next day. And he doesn't even need to sleep. He just works. It's his passion, literally and when he's not diving into all things, venture, quantum, watching FinTech, riff, loves, loves, loves the hip hop, the rap music, classic, Indian early 20s in the guy, just super hip hop, always, every time, every time we know this man, he had do rags in high school. Come on,

Speaker 2  16:12:32
when I was a kid too, I, like, lived in the country, and I definitely loved, like, gangster rap, so I had a moment too.

Joseph Guzel  16:12:38
Oh, my God, were you bandanas or do rags and then wife beaters? You're probably old the wife beater

Speaker 2  16:12:43
chick. I mean, I was more like Echo, like, red

Joseph Guzel  16:12:46
flags clothes, don't you wish you still have that. It's all coming. I'd probably be worth

Speaker 2  16:12:51
money now the street wear stuff is super expensive. Like, lugs, you remember this? Oh my god, yeah, Timberlands. Like, I had all the shit. I was like, yeah, some little white girl in the country wearing all that shit?

Joseph Guzel  16:13:05
Yeah, it's okay. Why are you? Man, yeah, hip hop, beautiful. So anyways, so needless to say, you're fine, like, Don't go, don't you dare go anywhere what? But that's kind of why we've been on pause between these fundraisers and between me dealing with this, like I was supposed to deal with this, I realized this time last year, it's just, you know, now I can so, yeah, no, totally. What happens next is, I am, I have to, I'm not good at this shit, right? I have to move and and do some, do some stuff like, I don't want to destroy him, but we need to isolate him. I need, I need him to be totally isolated. So don't do anything for those people. I got other shit you can do. Focus in on the deck for me and stuff, and I have all the new metrics, but get rid of that New Mexico shit because I'm not taking their money. Okay? As far as I'm concerned, I'm not taking their money because it's too tied to his thing and so, and this thing might not even be called Haven like I I'm fine. The track record's fine. I've got Hamza is an unequivocal win. He and so we're okay. I can just go start a new fund by myself. I can raise 100 million by myself. I always was able to, yeah, I didn't like that. Yeah, I didn't need his. Thank you. I didn't need his 10 million bucks. You know, you want to come on full time. Come on full time with me, like whatever. I just got to get there. This kid starts April 15. He'll be working in between. I also made him. Here's his. I also made him. I just gave him an offer letter, fucking McLean man, call him no. You know, that's ridiculous. Is that nuts?

Speaker 2  16:14:54
That's embarrassing, kind of no shit. Why? Why would he do that? Well, kid was probably like,

Joseph Guzel  16:15:01
what? No, he loved it. Because for this kid wants to take over the world, he's like, I want to be close to McLean. This is I'm like, Ah, kind of does

Unknown Speaker  16:15:11
sound a little scary,

Joseph Guzel  16:15:12
whatever. Man Becky, I at least he's at least I can control him.

Speaker 2  16:15:16
Yeah? No, totally, yeah, as long as he obeys, yeah, yeah. I

Joseph Guzel  16:15:20
couldn't control this other motherfucker.

Speaker 2  16:15:23
It's good to have little sociopath on your side. Yeah. Oh,

Joseph Guzel  16:15:26
and I told all the founders and everybody, like they all know what's going on, what he what he's been doing, so full transport. Oh, yeah, I got nothing to hide. Yeah, yeah, that's way to be Oh, totally. I don't even have back hair, believe it or not. So I got nothing to hide, nothing. Nothing like Jacob's way hairier than me the let's see you'll be eligible. But yeah, so he's even he did such a good job for Adam. Adams like, I'm stealing him. I was like, dude, just help me. Help me. Help you. He'll be based up in the bay. Ashley and I are going to go up there for a month make sure he's settled and situated right, and then barring him from going to that fucking hell hole, psychotic sci fi thing called the foundation, where they brainwash you. Ie Lucy's office, literally, they call it the foundation. How fucking nuts Is that That's so creepy. It is a fucking cold,

Speaker 2  16:16:28
yeah, is that where all the Karens are, that ones I know are working. You're like, this is terrible. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That sounds like my Hell,

Joseph Guzel  16:16:36
yeah. Oh, it is hell. All those people are all just like we are about the environment. I'm like, Are you? Are you really there's nothing green in here, right? Exactly. Everything's dead, including you all dead on the inside. Yeah, fucker. And then let's see, I yeah, he's gonna be Chief of Staff for Hamza, or some title like that in the interim too. So you can get him some operating cache. I just want to, like, make this kid, I think he can be great. So, like, I even, I got him Carrie in Hamza. I got Adam to agree to it. He did such a good job. And he'll sit with Adam and like, and then, yeah, so he'll be able, he'll be like, That guy, you know, in his 20s, where it's like, damn, this guy's just like, boom, boom, boom, it'll be good for us.

Speaker 2  16:17:20
Yeah, no, that's awesome. That's what you gotta do. He is, like a kid. He's 23

Joseph Guzel  16:17:25
Oh, my god, yeah, man and I, that's why I can't believe what he pulled off.

Speaker 2  16:17:30
Yeah? I mean, he sounds like he's kind of like a financial savant, or something, of the data

Joseph Guzel  16:17:36
financial savant. He will be running this whole motherfucking business. I'm gonna start playing shows with you, yeah? Like, I'm dead serious. Like, awesome, yeah, I mean, I'm gonna, I'm gonna start doing Molly again, like everything new chapter. Yeah, it's like, dude, back to the back to the old school, right? I'm so excited. I never left so well, just keep, just keep, yeah, just keep us. Keep a Dixie cup warm for me or something. Yeah, I got you, yeah, it's a little, maybe one, a couple of earbuds.

Speaker 2  16:18:13
Oh, yeah, definitely some earbuds. Yeah, did I send you

Joseph Guzel  16:18:16
that? Actually earbud company that is made for you? You should be doing their design. I didn't.

Speaker 2  16:18:23
I mean, yeah, I don't think you did. I feel like we know we talked about, like, mouth guards or something.

Joseph Guzel  16:18:29
Oh, God, I'll send it. I'll send it to you. This guy, this kid's boss, my buddy, John Klein. He's a big raver and banker. What are they called? And you'll dig them. They're made out of mushroom fibers.

Unknown Speaker  16:18:42
Oh, what? Whoa. That's cool.

Joseph Guzel  16:18:45
Actually, it's, John COVID, yeah, I put money into it personally, yeah, it's called gobe. Gobe. Yeah, it is. Where is that? Go webinar, no, go, go, go, go. Investment, nope. I mean, you can find it on higher. You can find it online, yeah, yeah, there you go, yeah, yeah, cool, huh? I like their branding, yeah, from Apple. The guys are from or the girls are from

Speaker 2  16:19:23
Apple, nice, yeah. They like their font choices, and

Joseph Guzel  16:19:27
they're really going after like, 3m You know, because they make all the earbuds.

Unknown Speaker  16:19:31
Oh, yeah, yeah, no, totally. This

Joseph Guzel  16:19:33
is, this is awesome, and they're super bad for the

Speaker 2  16:19:34
environment, yeah, no, definitely. I mean, three M's, like, I think there's, like, some other stuff that came out about them recently, being really awful for the environment, all the shit, you know, but, yeah, this is

Joseph Guzel  16:19:44
great. They make, like, all the small shit that doesn't biodegrade, like, it's like everything, yeah, every disposable in the world that doesn't biodegrade that stupid ass company does. It's horrible.

Speaker 2  16:19:55
Yeah? No, absolutely, yeah. This is a cool company, though

Joseph Guzel  16:19:58
it's so cool, huh? Yeah, yeah. I was just because I've been talking to John so much, I was like, Oh, that's so cool. If you want some, try this link that they gave me. I didn't buy any right here. If you go, let me send you this. Apparently, they're amazing. And they're like, blowing up,

Speaker 2  16:20:19
amazing, yeah, I mean mycelium, that's pretty rad that. I mean mushrooms. I feel like you can make anything out of mushrooms, like they're kind of super cool.

Joseph Guzel  16:20:28
Let's see. So, yeah, check that out. I think there's a here some go, probably, yeah, majority led women. Yeah, the cash flow in that business and stuff, I'll introduce you to John. You really like him and his wife. Awesome, multi billion dollar earplug market. And there's links, and you can go to the just use that code. I didn't buy any. So let me see if it so. Anyways, um, so what else you been working on? Like, like, What's are you doing? Okay? Like, everything, you know, like, other work wise, or, yeah, like, like, other work wise. And what's like, are you? You're in New York still, because I'm going to be there also in March a lot, and I'd love to buy a drink or something.

Speaker 2  16:21:15
No, definitely. Yeah. Let me know when you're going to be here. We should definitely, that would be awesome. Yeah. I mean, I'm around and stuff. Like, I've been, I've been working on, like, a lot of, like, little projects, I guess you can say, like, this and that, which has been, like, I mean, they've been nice, but it's definitely like, you know, I think I need to start to be a little bit pickier about, like, what I'm spending my time doing. Because, like, there's, it's like, you know, pennies, essentially, but like, they're cool projects, but again, yeah, pay the bills. Yeah, totally.

Joseph Guzel  16:21:44
Well, well, yeah, and then yeah, all those. So, I mean, let's get you, let's get you moving. Because, like, now some stuff is going, you got your direct Are you getting your direct deposits? You did, right? Oh, yeah. Oh, thank god. Okay, good, good, good, yeah, yeah, our, yeah, the contract. Like, like, I'm not, I'm not, I'm just, just stick around here. Yeah, yeah, and, and appreciate that we will. So, like, Oh, and one thing that, one thing I might need from you is, if you read, I might need you, like, revise that scope thing. Remember the original one you sent me. I'll shoot you a text. But when I have time to look at it, the the fund admins were like, we're like, oh, because they want to make sure, because we get audited every year as a fight, right? And so I need to go back and read it. I think I might need you to republish it. To me, nothing changes, but just for the sake of this shit, yeah, yeah, totally and, and then some of the companies are starting to, you know, matriculate, and then some are coming into, now the phase of they need help and shit. So, yeah, super connectors actually like ready to rock here really soon, soon, and they're moving into an office in Jersey. Blaine's coming back up, moving over in a couple days. I guess, yes, I'm gonna go do a board meeting over there and stuff, and the and these guys, you know, it's a good time to, like, jump in. They do need help. And then another one is pico labs. It's Adam's wife. She's badass, nice. Adam's a bar's wife from Hanta. She she's going to start matriculating pretty soon as well. So like, between the two of them, I think we start you there, and then you can contract with them. You could just do your directing, or whatever you want with super connector. They like, they've they fucked up on their design so bad and stuff, and have been just like growing the business. But it'll take probably three, three more weeks to find their footing. It's a good opportunity for that reset. It's like, yeah, you guys thought you didn't need a deck because I just put everything on that. I was like, where's your fucking deck?

Speaker 2  16:23:53
Yeah, no, totally. And then they built their deck, the one like that template in figma, which I'm like, this seems really not, not a great way to skip, yeah, like, especially because they don't even know how to, like, really work in figma, like, this is not scalable, so yeah, they definitely need some work there.

Joseph Guzel  16:24:16
And then the yeah and Pico, like, really needs some stuff. It's like, basically WordPress, it's pre seed, but she's fucking so cool, man, you're gonna want to work with, yeah, especially, especially that stuff, and then, so what you're gonna see with her is what treebo was the first iteration of it was too early, and that one's gonna be zero. But pico is good. That might end up being like the betterment or mint.com of what comes next on the application layer. So what you're going to see happen now, because Haven one is like, pretty much done. Haven two, we got it. It's all about the application layer now. So everything is going to be finding the chimes and stuff like that. And it's going to be more design center consumer. But what, Hamza, what hams has done is, let me, let me shoot you their deck. Actually, they made it. They made this. I don't like it, but it's okay. It's getting the job done. I think it's can be the size of open AI, like, it's,

Speaker 2  16:25:26
oh shit, yeah, that's, that's

Joseph Guzel  16:25:30
huge, yeah, man, the I honestly think so, I think I fucked around and did it.

Unknown Speaker  16:25:38
Oh yeah, good job.

Joseph Guzel  16:25:41
I mean, it's like Adams. I think Adams like Steve Jobs. Man, yeah, he just listened to me, you know, and he takes such an artist and such a fucking exec, and he's not an exec, he's just like, fuck it. Like, who? Like, he did things. He did things where nobody else would do them, because he didn't come from that world.

Speaker 2  16:26:04
Yeah. And so what else it takes an outsider just to, like, take those chances. Yes, totally, yeah. Like,

Joseph Guzel  16:26:09
like, if you like, to get to know him. Actually, what I was trying to say earlier and I rambled on, is the he's, he's trying to make that movie and, like, it's all, it's been his, like, only Sweet Escape. And like, he's not really good at that shit, even with AI, and it's not good, like, it would be a cool gift for him for this round, if I could, like, if we could, like, pay for you to help him with that stuff. Like, on top, I'd love to do that. Yeah, it's, I think it'd be so cool.

Speaker 2  16:26:39
Yeah, no, totally. I mean, the thing about like, the AI, like, video generation, it's like, they, like, try to make it seem like anybody can just pick it up and do it, but really, like, people who are actually filmmakers are going to do a better job at the end of the day, because I know how to talk to it in the language that we need to talk to it to actually get the results we want. Yeah, so, like, so, like, even though I in my own personal art, I don't use AI like, I know all the different AI things because I, you know, especially on bid mob, I was like, I need to learn these things before they take my job. I do them myself. You know,

Joseph Guzel  16:27:10
so is that? Is that what you Is that what you actually saw? I there was this really interesting tweet from this guy, Nikita, who I used to work with on Twitter. He's, he did, tbh, if you remember that, TVH at Facebook bottom. It was, I think it was kind of like a Yik Yak kind of shit. And, and he, he's, he's become, like the guru of consumer applications, and he's really excellent at it, and it's all He obsesses about. It's like me the FinTech and indentured and like, he was talking about Mixpanel. And he was like, I can tell how good somebody is or whatever by like you have being like a mixed panel wizard. And I was like, fuck. I hadn't heard anybody talk about Mixpanel and so on. Exactly. Well, if we, if we were growth marketers, like, I bet you Jacob is nasty at Next panel. Like, it's like, the analytic it's when all the growth ninjas started becoming a thing. Yeah, and so is that what you mean? Like, like, was it because it wasn't Adobe that triggered you? What was it? It wasn't AI. It was, were there any, like, software tools where You're like, oh, shit, this could take my job. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  16:28:51
me too. No, I

Joseph Guzel  16:29:02
mean, I to worry about.

Unknown Speaker  16:29:27
That stuff I

Joseph Guzel  16:31:58
just, it's, it's, I guess, I guess it's both by 1000 customizations, right? Because everybody gets that the most hyper customizable thing ever, and it's free to do it. So like, if we're going, if we're cast finance, we're attacking the mid market, right, and we're hitting them with bookkeeping, and we're and the system of record ish kind of stuff, payroll, whatever. And it's just doesn't matter if you're a cheese factory, or cash and carry, or fucking whatever, like, we can, we can, like, load you with the most customizable fucking shit ever, and as every little edge case feature, and it's all free. So you went on the services that it's moat by 1000 features instead of death, and that builds the moat. The more features and more customization, the more moat. It's the complete antithesis of the one size fits all that we came from and grew up in, everything Adobe, whatever one size fits all, yeah, and the more you do it, the more remotes. And it's complete antithesis of everything that came before, because the feature, the customization, meant verticalization, meant small market, because you still had to distribute. The one size fits all way. Oh, my God, write that down. Yeah. Oh no, yeah, no, it's right here. Oh, my God, I got the AI everywhere right now, you would lose it. You haven't seen me in a minute. I got shit on my wrist. I got, oh, dude, I got, I got a wrist note taker. Oh, literally, I got every one of those stupid Instagram things, all of them, all of them, all of them. Dude, they saved my life. Are you kidding me? After? After? What just happened to me? This character assassination. He told, he told. He started telling people I was crazy. That is the fucking a dude. It's like, yeah, she's the show. She sucked everyone. It's like, fuck you. It's like the old chlamydia sorority thing. I yeah, she's such a slut. I heard she's a slut. Thanks, thanks, let me it's Yeah, well, yeah, he's deflecting. He's projecting. He's all this. I'm not, I didn't I'm not good at this, like, so, oh god, that was close, man. I it, dude, all I've been trying to do is work with you. He's been holding he held my wife hostage. What a nasty thing to do. And so now I'm going to fucking destroy him. I It has to be done, some lights, a good disinfectant. So, yeah, well, okay, so yeah, the atom stuff, I'll keep you posted. And then on Super connector, I'll keep you posted on this. But let's like, let's, like, do a couple things, like, where's if you if I look at, like, the latest version of the deck that I had from before, like, why don't, why don't we just, like, kind of start to rethink the branding, a bit like the Haven the direction we were going, the Hey, the direction we going is fine, but scrap the New Mexico shit, I fuck them. And then, and then on, on cast and all and all these things I'll send you, like, there's a lot of new shit that came out because of the rays that I'll send you, so you have all the new copy that you can work in. I think some of them might have, like, new logos. I just texted you to casting these guys. These guys make good slides. They're a little boring. Yeah, they're like, really good financial slides. But yeah, they have, like, new stuff, because we're launching that whole thing. And then I have, I'll get you, I'm going to see Pico and all these guys tomorrow at the upfront Summit, I'm supposed to be there today. I was dealing with this, it sucks, and then rethinking the team and story stuff. It's been a while. Yeah, it's been a while. No, go, go, go, yeah. I called you Wayne late, go, do your thing. Yeah, I just didn't want to leave you hanging. Friday is good. Let me just we can do the so. 28 is Friday. If you want to do like a 9am I not a my time. Yeah. Sounds good. All right, thank you so much good to hear your voice. Let's see you soon. Alright, take care, bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai