Joseph Guzel  11:04:14
Doing well, dude, doing well. What about you? I like the hairdo.

Speaker 1  11:04:18
Thanks, man. I don't know if it's a I don't know if it's a do might just be longer than it normally is, but I

Joseph Guzel  11:04:24
don't think I've sat hairdo in a very long time. So, you know, yeah, it's all good. It's all good. How you doing? Man, I've been good. My brother kind of indicated

Speaker 1  11:04:35
things have been tough, stressful, whatever on your side. So yeah, your brother's

Joseph Guzel  11:04:39
your brother's an absolute men. I don't know what I do without him, to be honest, he's such like a good voice of reason, even though, for you as his brother, it probably feels like what the fuck is this guy talking about?

Speaker 1  11:04:54
But like when I look back at my life and I think about the most sound advice I've gotten, like, most of it's actually been for

Joseph Guzel  11:04:59
my brother, yeah, he's, he's, he's wise, you know, yeah, he's a very good listener, and he's very, he's very orthogonal thinker, yeah, yeah. I mean, it's, it's, you know, day, day by day. I think, you know, Ben the well, maybe before I get into all that shit, what the hell? The hell have you been like?

Speaker 1  11:05:21
I've been good man like Stacey and I are still waiting for the regulatory approval from, you know, the OSC to get this fund to funds live. We've made 18 commitments, kind of like half at 300k half at 750k Yeah. I mean, I think, like, we're a little tired, it's been 18 months, but like, at the margin, I think we're really excited about, like, pre seed and seed right now, like, there's some, like, really, really interesting managers. And the bifurcation of like, a $300 million seed fund and like a 25 to $75 million seed fund is, like, this is only comparable, and so that's really exciting. And then on the family office stuff, like, we've just been really struggling with, like, DPI and all that shit. But I'm getting married in September. My honeymoon is going to Africa. So, like, you guys are married in Africa? No, we're getting married in France, but we're going on a honeymoon in Africa. Dude, everybody's

Joseph Guzel  11:06:14
been going on these Safaris. They look awesome. Yeah,

Speaker 1  11:06:18
I've done like two or three now with my mom, but Chandler's never been to Africa at all. It's a great name, yeah, it's a great name. Yeah, she's Yeah. So she's never been, and so I told her I'd go somewhere I'd never been before. And so we're doing Botswana and Mozambique. So yeah, she up again.

Joseph Guzel  11:06:36
That should be really, let's go, dude. I love it. I love it, man, yeah. And we're in France. You're gonna get married. We're

Speaker 1  11:06:42
getting married in the South, in a little place called cas. It's like a little seaside town, fishing village. It's beautiful.

Joseph Guzel  11:06:48
Yeah, I'm familiar, yeah, that's great. Yeah. One of my honeymoon in France, we did oxen, Provence San Tropez and, God, I forget the other one. What was the

Unknown Speaker  11:07:00
other one? Oh, well, St John cat or something like that.

Joseph Guzel  11:07:04
No, really badass Hotel. Yeah, damn Eden rock, yeah, yeah. I think it was. I think it was, yeah, it was, it was in that same area as where, yeah, rock is, yeah, cool, yeah. So, um, I mean, I love it. I love it. And I'm going to St Barths here in a couple weeks with for Heston's bachelor party. I love that he's doing it in the same parts. I mean, it's classic. He's such a fancy boy. He's one of the fanciest boys. That's so

Speaker 1  11:07:36
fucking funny. He's doing his bachelor party in st Marty. I swear. I

Joseph Guzel  11:07:39
was watching that Martha Stewart documentary on Netflix the other day, and I was like, is it Heston? I was like, oh, it's

Speaker 1  11:07:47
Martha story. That's right, I fucking love Hatton, man. He's fucking great,

Joseph Guzel  11:07:51
isn't he? Isn't he really something? I mean, my friends, I'm I'm really fortunate with I mean, all my friends are just like we came up in the industry together, some of us. I don't know if you've met Brandon deer yet. You will at some point. He's my best friend. He was my best man at my wedding. I was the best man in his I introduced him to his wife and all that stuff and and who's also Armenian. I'm sorry that the we came up at Intuit together. So it's either like my friends that came up at Intuit and there was, like my group that we all started as associates together, when, you know, there was no seed asset class when I joined crosscut, it was the beginning of the first institutional Seed Fund in LA or in SoCal, you know, yeah, yeah. It wasn't any when I was at Intuit and then, and, you know, through, like, crosslink and stuff, just everybody's just so fucking good Heston, like, I love, I love his product. Like, he's really, like, you know, like, first principle, and he, like, knows what he's good at and what he's not. And he's very, like, regimented. I think he's gonna scale a really good firm, you know, yeah. I mean, I've never had Sequoia do a series a of mine in my life, and I have a pretty goddamn good track record that keeps getting better. But it's like, that's what, that my product isn't that, you know, his product is that velocity. There's got to be a way to pull a Voltron and, like, I guess, I guess if I, if I were you, maybe that's how I would think about it. Maybe that's how I always did, but I just never articulated it these good, yeah, I think asset aspect,

Speaker 1  11:09:22
like, when you're building out a portfolio of funds, where you kind of sit and go, like, what are ecosystems I want access to? Yeah, and how do, how do I express that? Because I think, we'll, I think we're fund managers, get a little bit naturally perturbed. Is, like an LP will do one and not the other, and they'll be like, I'm better than that person or whatever. And it's like, okay, that may be true, but like, they made their bet there, yeah. And so now, if you're offering the same thing, you're kind of like, well, they may regret that bet, but, like they did the bet in, in, you know, data infra, or, you know, or Finca, or like YC, or, you know, New York writ large, whatever, so. And

Joseph Guzel  11:10:07
when I was starting at crosslink in 20 like mid 2016 the, you know, all of those, like that gen one, I guess you would call them, or web two, institutionalizing seed firms were all in the office with us into Embarcadero in San Francisco. Like you'd walk in, you'd go left, and it was cross link, and you'd go right, and there was this fish bowl. It was just a murders row and like, literally, Mike from sanana, which I know is not a seed fund, but he would always sit in the dark. I remember Joe Montana, Nate Montana, and Michael MA from liquid two, which I would consider them like the first YC fund that was like, not from, like non founder led, or something like that, right out of left field. I guess Michael mock is considered that he's so talented. Sam was there, Jeff COVID and Andy from up soft tech at the time. Tim Young from, unquote from ENIAC, and then Hunter and Satya and sometimes Sean, Marathi, all right there. Oh, and Ed Roman, of course. Yeah, yeah. And at one point lead Jacobs, yeah, and I sit back and I'm like, what the like? What the hell Eric like, yeah, why don't you just hit it, and now all of those guys are as big as cross link fund eight. Yeah, it's crazy, yeah. Well, I mean it's not though I maybe it's crazy, but I think the non consensus thing is like they grew as I was talking to Josh compliment about this last September, where it's like they grew as a result of the time of building, you know, the asset class, from a seedling to a sprout. And, like the the really interesting thing, I think, is that, because none of those guys were classically, like, classically trained, you know, it's they didn't like play in the NHL and then go down to the D league. Is that? What it is the D league. I spent a lot of time in Canada lately. By the way, I've been a Whistler two, three times. I freaking love it. Amazing. Yeah. So good. So much. Tim Hortons, the but they built companies, you know, like, like, so they really approached it like building a company, which I think is what we have to do now. And, yeah, that ties into the McLane thing, right? Yeah, where I, you know, for better or for worse, always approached it like that from first principles, like, with the starting havens, like, you know, market, market crash, Black Swan event, every two weeks for two years or not. Like I wanted to raise a $50 million fund because I knew that that was the right move, yeah, you know. And because, you know, sitting on boards for all these years, building companies. I'm one of the, I'm one of the few, like, literal operators. I, I'm the, I'm, quite literally, the only investor, the only VC on planet Earth, who worked it Intuit, and who also was a small business owner, who also was a refugee immigrant, you know, who also, like, like, worked on the CD ROM. So, like, I was, I was dog fooding, the thing that. Then I became a product manager of that. Then I, you know, became an acquirer of that. I then became an investor of there's no, there's literally no other one on the planet. Yeah. And I always wonder when everybody's not calling me about all these AI accounting solutions. I'm like, Why is nobody asking me for my for my opinion? Yeah, because it's a pretty good one. And so I think that that when I partnered with McLean, it was like, that's what I was looking at, you know? It was really, I loved working with him. He wasn't really an investor at crosslink, you know, yeah, he was. He got kind of screwed over by them, like he saved that firm in more ways than one, with your BEN allocator into funds, yeah. Have you done any like larger like generational transition, taken over XYZ capital? Are you seeing more of that? We've we've seen that. Not so much in necessarily in venture, but we've seen it more on the public side, where, you know, the entire founding team of a group is now gone, and then it's going into the next hands of all the new PMS and and we've seen those transitions, one of which, you know, we are the largest LP So, You know, we've had to navigate those. But, like, not in, not in the venture ecosystem, yeah, got it. So, like, shit, ton of breakups, for what it's worth, yeah, you know, I'm curious to hear about that too. All the tea man, I'm over here by myself in LA, but, like, the, the, the, you know, I've seen, I went through that with cross link. And like, it's kind of like, we're the dealers, and like, You guys are the players at the craps table or the poker table. And it's like, you know, when there's a heater, and then it's like, the dealer switches out and, and everyone's, ah, let's go do a lap, you know? Yeah, the juju is gone and, and I, I guess, I guess, like with, with McLean, you know, in seeing that like he came in in 2017 and like it was up to Eric and David to take over this story. You know, Robertson Stevens Four Horsemen institution. And then David had to go to rehab. Yeah, horrible timing. And then didn't disclose that he'd gotten a couple DUIs. And then, you know, they're moving from a, you know, family office, Legacy Chicago kind of model, Robertson Stevens, like the Bear Stearns of, culturally, of the four westmen, and to a, you know, an IRR model, let's put it that way. And like, you know, these, these folks then surfaced it, and it almost killed the firm, like I had moved from LA back to San Francisco, and it was like, Oh my God. Like, how stupid is this? And, yeah, and McLean came in and saved it, and he really came there to learn, you know, because you like what look I like, you're from. You tell me you're from, you know, wealth, I know that you're you saw your parents make it, though, right? Yes, very different. But I look at Heston, for example, who's one of my closest friends in the world. I didn't know, you know, I would have never you would think that he could have been a broke kid or a rich kid. Well, it doesn't matter. His work ethic is undeniable. Yeah, you know your sister marries Larry Page when you're 22 have you used the internet today? Yeah, it's like, is that soul sucking? You know, I don't, I don't know. Does it suck your ambition away?

Speaker 1  11:17:05
I think it's hard when it's not yours. I don't know. I mean, I know nothing about Heston's background as an example, you know, like something, yeah, yeah, other than he's got a Daytona, you know what I mean. So, like, it's his dad's Yeah, most Yeah. But that's my point. Like, most people's watches are gifts. So you're like, oh, maybe his grandfather gave it to him, You know what I mean. So, like, I don't live an eye on that, yeah, but, but I will say, like, you know, poor kids don't have those. I think where it gets confusing is like, if you're a second gen kid, I think you can, you can be soul suck like, you can be like, What am I doing? Like, why am I on these calls? Why am I fucking working hard? Why am I traveling all over the country, you know? Or you can be like, you know, I watched them make it so I know what it takes. And like you're not going to do that, you know, on vacation for eight weeks a year, or whatever. I do. Think it would be really confusing, though, like if my brother married someone who was of that caliber of wealth

Joseph Guzel  11:18:17
and also, like, prestige. And it's a

Speaker 1  11:18:22
dude, no one knows who my mom is. Man, like, it's like, no one knows her. And, like, the coolest lady ever. Like, yeah, it's like, that biggest benefit ever. Say what you want about Scott Gallach, yeah, his his article on Mark Zuckerberg, where he said, had he sold for, you know, a couple billion bucks to Yahoo, he would have been a billionaire, and he would have had something that money can't buy. And that's anonymity. Yep, that that is the most true statement of all time. Yeah, it's like being anonymous is the absolute best thing about that. And McLean doesn't have that. No,

Joseph Guzel  11:18:54
you know he, you know, it's funny that he's pretty wise. I'll give him that. It's just like, because, because the perspective, I really appreciate the perspective with him. Where, like, I grew up on the Bucha. I was, like, almost 10. We were flat broke, and then I had this dad who was really wealthy, who I didn't meet till I was 22 out in Ottoman, Turk land. And so, like, everything, I'm talking like one pair of shoes kind of shit, you know, like, so I was a founder out of necessity, since I'm eight years old, because we had to eat, yeah, and then you see a trillion dollars, and you see that some things are still very much the same. And yeah, and I don't envy it. And McLean said to me one time, you know, it's really, really cool. $2 billion you know, it's not cool. $200 billion $2 billion you do everything that, you know the 200 billion guy gets to do, but you don't have to, like, be in The Truman Show over here. And, yeah, and I guess, like going back to him. You know, he got, he got really screwed by cross link. He came in and saved the firm. David comes back. And David's a good man. He's just an insecure man. And like he, he they relegated him to IR he came there to sincerely learn, because it's like he his sister marries Larry when he's 22 they have this ridiculous wedding. He marries this horrible wench. It's kind of a twofer for that Ben, like, that's another thing that kills me is like he's working from home, and like, you've met his wife, you know, I respect her, but it's kind of the same with Larry, to be honest. Like he they the women. Like, really, just, are these guys are cucks, basically. And which is, you know, I'm all for strong women. I grew up with a single mom, but like, damn if you, if you can cut Larry Page like you're, you're something else. Lucy's no joke. And and so, and, you know, and so they, like, you know, they didn't, they didn't live up to their promises to him. And I was always from the camp of, like, I was always kind of, not misunderstood, but misjudged. When I got to Silicon Valley, right? I didn't go to Stanford or Harvard or any that stuff, and I worked my way up. Got hired by Bill Campbell, like in venture, they didn't want me crossing. I got rejected the first time through the super days. Me feeling a dt, and then they hire me back. You know, I just wanted to get in the door. I needed to get in the door. And I just, I don't approach things like because I don't think I necessarily belong anywhere. I'm kind of like, fuck it. I'm just going to keep working as hard as I possibly can. And you know, McLean, on the other hand, he didn't get that. I guess it's hard. It's not like you and your brother, like or or Heston or julek or whatever, like you guys are have this natural work ethic that I expect of any of my friends and the people around me, or any founder that we back, or anything else and and so I pulled him out of i R man, you know, I pulled him out because I said, like, This guy's a goddamn drone strike. Why are we not using him correctly? Like, I'm so sick of this, right? Yep. And it became really apparent after Jim Foy, like, fully retired to go teach at Tuck because the intellectual rigor in that place and the decision making, like, there is a way to do this correctly. Yep, it's not like it's the end all be all, but like, there are, there is a way to invest. There is a mindset. There is, you know, it's, it's more in venture, it's more Howard Marks, it's less, less Warren Buffett, sure, right? And, you know, sitting on boards like is a skill, the same way that David Rubenstein would say that, like fundraising and sales is a skill, he's never done a deal, right? And they built Carlyle, the company, from first principles, in that way, right behind every Howard Marks, there's a Joe Guzel or vice versa, Mark Andreessen, Bruce, that's right, whoever the hell was behind Milken at Drexel, right? And, yeah. And so, like, like, it's, it's, I said, you know, I want to build something different. I want to build it with him. He didn't, you know, it wasn't like he came with all the money. I was the one that attracted most of the money. It was my track record. You know, I think I fucked up Ben with, like, two things. One, not setting more guardrails. I don't care about the equal partnership. I'm the one that forced that. Eric was trying to get me not to do it. He literally made me fly up to the village pub like 10 times to have dinner with him, like begging me not to do it. And I said, I have to, because one, I have to kind of break that mold. I think it's the right thing to do. He's taking as much risk as me, even though it's not perceived too it's the only way I can hold myself and him accountable. Because, you know, I've seen enough in this world, even for my own family, where it's like, oh yeah, I will. If I would have had this, then I could have done this. And he was already a little bit like that. He was, he was getting so salty at crosslink, where he was starting to count his anti portfolio as a portfolio, and that's, I think, a huge no no mindset. You don't get credit for the shots he didn't take or get, you know, like you're an athlete. I could have made that goal like, it's like, okay, and we had the and we had this understanding in the beginning, which was, like, the reality of the situation of, like, I we've been working together for like forever. I know what you what you're good at. You know what I'm good at? He acted as almost my associate in various in various deals. You know, I looked out for him in the spin out. He got a this, basically, I'm in a situation where he got a massive raise. I got a massive demotion. And, and the kicker of all of it, I should have set ground rules up front about hiring, you know, and I should have set ground rules up front about, like, time expectations, but I that was never an issue before Ben, because, and forgive me if I'm rambling, but like, it just wasn't a problem before. Because, ever, like, like, it's such stupid things that shouldn't be an issue when you've been working with somebody for so long, almost 10 years, where? But he wasn't fucking living at home. He wasn't living in the house with that man. Yeah, it's, it's, have you been there? No, okay, so it's The Truman Show. You ever see The Truman Show with Jim Carrey, one of my other favorite Canadians, right? It's literally that. It's the fucking Truman Show, dude, or lost. I don't know, like, what Truman shows. I think the best analogy, it's all for the kids. But, like, it's a mind fuck yeah, to the point where my mother, my my mom, my wife was like, last year, especially, all the politics that were, they were going around like, it's too much matrix, and I saw too like, I saw just too much. And I didn't sign up for that. I didn't sign up for Haven being, like, built within the infrastructure of Lucy and Larry and their trillion dollars and their CIO that lives next door to them, and the 100 hidden security guys that are always faking, you know, selling ice cream or fixing a telephone pole, these are real examples, Yeah, or like, or dealing with his wife honestly. Like is another thing. She's all up in our shit all the time. I'm like, What is this? And I've tried everything. I'm incredibly patient, and I don't know what to do, because it's just getting worse. He's calcified into this hypnosis of that infrastructure and you know where he has assistance and maids and security and all this stuff. And I've been, you've seen this picture behind me now for four years, I've been sitting at this desk in one of two places, working 18 to 22 hours a day. The other night, I worked 22 hours, actually, literally, you know, made, really, we made good investment decisions. Is the most important thing. I think either this, this fund is going to be crossing fund six, so, like a four or 5x or I just, I just delivered you lower case one, and I'm very happy about that. Hamza. Hamza is a billion dollar business now, by the way, I'll send them. Did

Unknown Speaker  11:27:58
you guys end up doing the SPV

Joseph Guzel  11:28:00
or no, I'm gonna pull it together right now. Yeah. And yeah, I'd love to get your thoughts on that. Or if you want to go direct, you have to do it because it's considerably cheaper right now than it's actually contractually worth. Cool. Yeah, it's, it will, it's doing 40 million of revenue now from a dead stop. I was right. We won the we won the my thesis was 100% correct. Everything else would have been wrong if I was wrong on Hamza, I wasn't. And there we won the enterprise, agentic FinTech, where, like, we want, we literally want

Speaker 1  11:28:38
fund two should, is all should be applications built on top of that, yeah, yeah, got it, yeah. Okay. So what do you what do you want to do? Like, I mean, stories, right? Like my very first startup, my very first startup, I started with a mentor of mine. He was like, chiropractor to the stars. That's how I kind of met him. Was I had a hip injury when I was playing hockey. He did Tiger Woods recovery in 2008 shariko When she came back from her shoulder, you know, Peyton Manning, when he came back. And I was like, Oh, this guy cut his gold like, and we had such, like, a fatherly relationship, because my dad wasn't really around. And he turned around and sued the company, said that he didn't have enough like and we ended up doing a complete down round, cram down of all the founders, inclusive of myself and my co founder, who's a Stanford trade neurosurgeon, to make sure that he would go away. Basically, I haven't spoken to him since then, like it was an absolute nightmare, man, absolute nightmare, lost like a friend, mentor. You know, all these things in that startup, but like, learned a lot in that process. And now we've seen, you know, I think two partnerships break up on the VC side, one amicably, one less so. And I think there's a couple ways. One, I think who did it well was, hey, listen, this isn't working. Like, we know it, but we both know it, and so, like, I don't think McLean's gonna start another fund. I think there's quite a bit of brand that you've built up with Haven. Maybe you just go fund two alone and you just, like, hire an associate in that's like, a young hustler or someone that you can like, mold to be your own. You know, I hired,

Joseph Guzel  11:30:17
I hired somebody. That's why he had a blow up on me yesterday. I tried everything with him, man. And so,

Speaker 1  11:30:23
yeah, but, but, like, in fund two, you just say, like, listen, like, this isn't going anywhere. So, like, we can do one of two things. We can just wrap fund one, put a bow on it, and both agree, like, we'll manage the portfolio with high integrity for our LPs, and I can start with a new brand for fun too, or I can keep Haven. You know, you leave the GP for fun too, like, you don't get any economics, and we just go our separate ways. Or three. You're like, Hey, man, you can keep Haven. I don't care. And you just go your separate ways. But it sounds like there's not a way to work with

Joseph Guzel  11:30:59
them. I'm having a lot of trouble with it. It's, it's because of also what I don't know, if your brother filled in on what he did recently, and it's not the first time, my

Speaker 1  11:31:06
brother didn't feed in on anything other than I should chat to you. Yeah, he's

Joseph Guzel  11:31:09
like, it's like, looking back, and I blame last year for me, because I feel like all this would have happened last year had I not, like, gotten, you know, had the wedding moved in with my wife, like it was, like, it's too much life. It was a really tough year on top, on top of the fact that Ben, like, just to keep in mind, the spin out agreement, you know, there's only two firms that really did this formally above board in the last, I guess, 10 years. And it's Harley Miller with left lane, and it's Joe Guzel with Haven ventures like where we, like, got our IP released, and all that shit that took its pound of flesh. But it also meant that I had 15 board seats from day one, and I've always had 15 board seats. Yeah, I still do, right? Yeah. It's a superpower. It allows us to win. It allows us to deliver, you know, this, this fund, it allows us to be a $46 million fund that gets like, 15% to 20% average entry ownership, right? Yeah, I still got shots on goal, like, um, but he doesn't have 20 board seats. Yeah, he's in the board meeting right now for volta that one, you know, I'm gonna soft landed, even though they have cash, just because I know that they can't get the right coaching. You gotta look out for that generally, by the way, across your whole portfolio, that that is the, that is the deficiency in, like, our generation, I'm realizing this cohort. They can't solve it. They can't solve a problem. They don't have the reps on on the board. It's like being a good coach or, yeah, they can go into a board meeting and be like, Okay, we're in trouble. Yeah? We like, we need to figure this out and, like, find a solution here, yeah, you don't, you don't invest, like, classically, like this where, like, I'm building companies with these founders. I'm I don't have sequoias do my A's. They'll do the B's, yeah? Because it's non consensus. It's how you make so much money, right? Yeah, you know, roofer. Hey, the markets too small, and now it's Sequoia. Hey, please, please, please, Richard, can we get in interesting? Yeah, you know, yeah. And it always takes four to five years. So it's, it's a he, he has this whole thing where he wants to, I don't know what he wants, like he wants to be me, but he wants to. He doesn't want to be told what to do. He wants to be respected, but he doesn't want to show respect. And what he did recently, man, because I've been trying to hire forever, I've been trying to hire for like, a year. We needed to hire last year, because it's a fund, one. I've seen them all now. Yeah, right. Fun ones. The trickiest here, because everything comes in waves. They're all at the same goddamn stage at the same goddamn time, so they all have the same problems at the same goddamn time. Yeah? So you don't get smack. You don't start your day with chime at the Series F and then end it with, you know, like you cast finance, zero to one. Yeah, you're just, if you're just getting jammed all day, yeah and yeah and he, he's, he doesn't seem to, because he transitioned from, like, helping with the back office and all this stuff to like he, he just wants to do exactly what he wants to do, which is roll into his sister's thing and feel like he's, you know, Eric chin or something, and go and, like, have pitch meetings and stuff like that. I'm like, Dude, I am sitting here. I'm doing the audit. I'm doing, you know, deserves. I'm I'm on all the boards. I'm feel I'm fielding calls most nights till one in the morning. It's been like that for four years. Yeah. And then you want to argue with me about what an associate, what type of associate we should hire when you've never done the job, you've never interviewed for. I don't know if he's ever interviewed for a job in his life. Yeah. His name's McLean. His mom's maiden name is McClain. He's from McLean, Virginia, this he's a fucking pilgrim. Yeah. And then he doesn't work weekends, he doesn't pick up the phone. He refuses to communicate unless it's through slack, like, when he's when he's like, he can't have a difficult conversation, right? And he just spent forever just undermining me, like, making it like, you know, my whole I did him the gesture of like, let me make him perceive to be my equal, because of what you know happened with him at crosslink. Like, this is maybe what he needs to jump start. I'm going to try everything with this guy, because I know he's good, and I know with a fun one, he's not going to have too much to do for three years for right, because he needs meat. I have to grow this cattle, you know, I have to, I have to nurture them. And then, then he can come in and, you know, take Adams about to Dubai, and do things that I can't, the things that I value about him that nobody else has. And I tried to hire, I've been trying to hire this kid who I hired, which is well within my rights, like, per the that's the double edged sword. I realized about the equal partnerships, you can't really do shit. Yeah, and name rithwick. He's fucking badass. He starts April 15. He's in the bay. He's 23 he's the last 23 year old. And maybe Planet Earth with work ethic and like, like, Hamza. He did the entire Hamza fundraise. You would love this case study that I sent him. I said, make my life happen. And then he Adam every night till three in the morning working on this stuff. I didn't have to check his work, because I know how good he is, right? And one of our LPS recommended him, dude. He He called the kid when I gave him an offer, you know, because I made sure I was and I involved him in the whole process, you know, yeah, and for forever, and, and then he told the kid basically to go fuck himself. I can't believe this kid still wants to work with me. Yeah, I love this kid now. Yeah, I'm like, I'm like, you I'm gonna, I was like, I'm gonna turn you into Vinod Khosla. Because, yeah, this shit is like being an athlete, yeah? And this was my magnum opus. I gotta just train the younger ones. It'll be easier, and this application later time. But then he goes around and he calls Eric Chen, Brett Brewer, will Cofield, John Klein, who is rithwich Boss, who's one of my best friends from Key Bank and and who else did he call Oh Brandon, dear, my best friend, who's COO at UiPath, and basically tells them all that I have a drug problem and that I need to be admitted to a mental institution. He targets all of my protectors, those guys. Those guys are like, like, my that. Those are my guys who, like, will kill somebody for me, Yeah, fuck her, yeah. And so then my wife and I are dealing with, you know, 10 days of of that shit, because LA and I, none of my friends are in LA anymore. Man I barely see will right or has to move to goddamn West Hollywood, so I barely see him last year. Was fucking hard, because doing all that stuff and shelling out all my money for this damn wedding we overpaid for when nobody's ever given me a dime in my life, literally, fucking stressful. I was living in an Airbnb up until last February, I didn't even have furniture because, yeah, before COVID, I was on my way to God in New York to open crossings office. Then COVID hit. Now I'm Armenian. Yeah, totally. So anyways, yeah, he and he, he, he was doing this thing, man with the hiring. It was, he made it all political. If rithwik was a transgender, black retard and paraplegic who happened to go to Stanford, hired, yeah, what? Like, I look I I'm a refugee. Like, it's like, I'm not discriminating on race or anything like that. I don't give a shit, but you gotta be good like and I know what that looks like. It's like not doing a bad investment. And because this is Padawan Jedi shit, you know? And and then he forever, man, he dangling like his family, his family as a threat for me for years now, where it's like trying to control me with the threat of Lucy and Larry's capital and the and the other piece,

Speaker 1  11:40:04
what's, what's the threat there? I don't understand the threat there.

Joseph Guzel  11:40:07
There's going to be no Haven too. Because the whole thing was, I brought in 80% of the capital Lucy and Larry were 10 million. Yeah, right, and, and I'm playing for fun too, because I've, I took a, you know, I gave up a million and a half dollar a year salary named partnership, all that shit. Yeah, I'm trying to get my life going and start a family. I'm 36 like, I earned it, like, and now I, you know, the whole deal was, like, it'll be the McLean show. I'm because, because I just had to do what I had to do. Like, I know how to do this. I'm the guy that people call when they're starting a fund, you know. How do you do it? What do you set up here? What do you say? It's like, I got you, you know, guess what? The same thing with 54 entities as it is a one, yeah, which means it doesn't scale. Yeah, yeah. And, and, yeah, and, like, the fact that he like, would do that. I mean, I don't like one. My name's all I have, and my reputation, anyway, I've never won on price here. You know, founders want to work with me for a reason, and so we get the best price. And, yeah, and, and, you know, telling people that I'm crazy, it's like, how could you do that to me and my family? And then this, like, like, the fact that he's not, like, living up to his promises, like he's the the idea was permanence of capital here to give us scale to build something meaningful, because Sand Hill Road looks a lot like Century City these days. Yeah, and that's a fact, yeah, GC is gonna IPO Andreessen Horowitz probably start giving out checking accounts, and Fintech is over by virtue of Hamza being successful. Money's data. We need to build Citadel, you know, is what I want to do, or at least try, like, and he's sitting here, like, No, we're not gonna, well, we're not gonna do Haven two he's threatened pulling the key man a whole bunch of times. That's when your brother, who, like, knows our metrics, he's like, they're too good. Like, hell. What? Like, what like, what the fuck am I supposed to do with that Ben, yeah, I don't know. And he's only come down to LA three times in four years. Yeah, so your brother was, like, you call my brother, you should just work with him, yeah, which I'm not opposed.

Speaker 1  11:42:32
Yeah, no. I mean, it's really flattering. I mean, I know, like he's, it's really flattering. I think, like, listen, I just have no skill set to be in a fund, frankly. Like, I just really,

Joseph Guzel  11:42:40
neither does he, but I would have turned him into Mike Moritz, yeah, no,

Speaker 1  11:42:45
I hear, I hear you on that. I think, like, the thing is, I just feel so much more equipped. And obviously I've committed to, you know, to Stacy and our partnership on, like, February, and what we're, what we're building. I think there are, there are a few people you should talk to about doing a fun two together. There's a, believe it or not, like, I really like this girl at water tower, you know, I just like about her. I haven't phone because water tower is just, like, absolutely atrocious in my eyes. But like, you know, Derek, yeah, yeah. Taro is amazing, man. Caro is amazing. Like, she is an absolute fucking Hustler, and she's malleable. Zinetta Left anthos, she needs

Joseph Guzel  11:43:28
to go through a bit of a walk about, I mean, I'm very close with zanetta and like, yeah, she's, she's, she's not happy,

Speaker 1  11:43:36
yeah. I mean, I've chatted with her a bunch, I feel like there was a better fit with, like a spin out of a emerging markets Fund, with like a London head office, which is like, kind of more where she's kind of like indicated that she wants to be, but like that aside, like, I actually think you could go it alone with like this young kid, and with, like, someone like a carro who, like, in fund three, maybe you're like, Hey, listen, like, you're gonna get comics here, you know. And like, maybe you just reset for fun too. And you go, like, Yeah, listen, it's gonna be a $50 million fund again. Like, maybe you wanted it to be 75 but like, maybe 50 is the answer, you know. And I think the truth is, is that with your track, and if Hansa does what it does. Like accolade is probably a fund that would look at anchoring. You know, from from that perspective, I know a tool really well. We're going to be LPS in their growth fund.

Joseph Guzel  11:44:27
The crowns I put, I put Connor crown. Haven't you met him yet? No, but you've raved about Connor. Man, yeah. So I the crowns are like, royalty, man, yeah. Well, it's Yeah, Chicago, if Chicago is Gotham, then then the crowns are the Waynes, right? And then, because General, they own General Dynamics, Wayne Enterprises, right? 10% of mass, I put them, yeah. I met him here. They were the first LPS in crosslink when they spun out. Because it's, again, like the Robertson Stevens was, like the Midwestern roots, and I have a lot of the Chicago family offices. Ben, you went over to the crowns, and Connor, I put him on the board of Hans. Or he just wanted to learn He's so good. And, you know, he wants to put in, you know, five or 10 million on the next one, right? And I once everybody you know. And this is the other thing, he was supposed to be doing this shit. Like, you're supposed to know my metrics, like the back of your hand, but like, Yeah, I'm doing the memos, I'm doing the slides, I'm doing the emails, I'm doing the I mean, what the hell is going on? I'm

Speaker 1  11:45:33
like, I mean, dude was like, you know, I never got McLain. I never, I never understood it, ever. I had dinner with him in San Francisco, and was just like, you know, took us to the battery, and then we went somewhere after that. And I was just like, Dude, I know the private club world, like, it's like, I don't care. Like, I don't, I don't care.

Joseph Guzel  11:45:56
Well, it's like, it's like that, that can't be your thing. Like his.

Speaker 1  11:46:02
Like, it might work with a young founder who's, like, trying to get access to these things and, like, meet people. But like, for me, it's like, dude, like, we invested for Joe, you know, like, I don't know. I just never got it. I never ever got it. I never understood the claim. And then it kind of just left me being like, Well, I suppose, like, Larry Page is a good calling card. He's going to have a lot of connectivity. This will be how they scale. But then when I found out he was 10 million and not, like 20 million in the fund, that was kind of like, oh, that's because, like, if he was 25 million fund. I might get it more, you know, because you're like, Well, he was have fun, you know, kind of, like, goes from there. But dude, like, a ten million check, like, I think he made 10 million, you know, last, like, in our two, last two minutes, you know what I mean?

Joseph Guzel  11:46:47
Well, it's, yeah, I should have demanded a lot more. I should have demanded a lot more, and I should have, and it should have been, I told McLean straight up when he when he did this thing with riff, like I was, like, because I was trying to get him on the fucking phone forever, like, I can't believe he doesn't have the respect to just like, fly down and have a goddamn conversation with me, with all the times I've reciprocated. You know, I'm not humanized with him, that this is a huge problem. Like, I'm not a bad judge of character. Otherwise, I'd be bad at this job, and I'm not. So it's like something fucking changed, and it's the goddamn Truman Show, is the thing, yeah. And God they were, I mean, if God put me on this earth for anything, it was to be around that family in the time, like I'm not like a giant Trump or anything, but we were heading for some shit. And I feel like, you know you're welcome for Joe Rogan being back on YouTube, literally, or Dr Carlson, like I didn't, shut the hell up. I don't shut the hell up for anybody you know. Yeah, and, and by the way, if Lucy and Larry knew about their brother's behavior, they'd like disown him, because, yeah, they're so vulnerable, that's always the fallacy here is, the bigger you are, the less powerful you're actually more vulnerable, because you're exposed and not anonymous, and they value their privacy over everything. And, you know, like, how could he do this again? Because he almost screwed up with with his ex wife? They were, you know, really badly. And just they would excommunicate amount of principle, but, but, like, the I, yeah, I tried to, I tried to, I told him, like, like, hey, like, Look, man, your your involvement in fund two is entirely predicated on your ability to anchor the majority of the fund, yeah, and the splits are not going to look the same. And, you know, of course, he's like, losing his shit. He's like, Well, I'm going to pull a key. I got a little thing called a key, man. I'm like, What the fuck did you even know how this works? I was like, I was like, you know, you think it's mutually assured destruction, but the reality is, it's just destruction for you,

Speaker 1  11:48:55
yeah? But the problem is, is that, like, he could light it all on fire and then just never leave his house, and nothing would change, right?

Joseph Guzel  11:49:04
Yeah, he wouldn't. I mean, he couldn't, like, he wouldn't have the balls to and also, I would win, because it's that one sided. I like your brother, your brother, of course, caution me against it. I don't want to go through it. But like, you know, I take very good notes, and everything's auditable. Like, that's a it. What the thing that gave, the thing that gave me some grace these last couple weeks, aside from your brother, your brother, like, really saved my, my psyche there for a minute, because it's just, it's just, like, it's so defeating. Then where I really gave it my all here, because I had to, you know, I put, I put the team on my back.

Speaker 1  11:49:49
Yeah? So what do you need, though, Joe, like, where's your, where's your head? Out on, like, natural next steps, you know? I

Joseph Guzel  11:49:55
Yeah, i Good, good, good point. I guess, I guess I need a pathway here, because I'm so blindsided by this. Yeah, I shouldn't have been where, like, you know, I have this young man starting April 15, and he's going to give me a lot of leverage. I thankfully have a nearly complete portfolio. You know, we're, will be, we're going to issue a capital call, I think, next week. But what we're at 57 and a half percent called now and, and, you know, for and we have Hamza, which, which literally, is going to, it's going to raise it at 250 post right now, with gray craft. It could end up Jonathan Korb gold does more, I hope not, because I want to get it cheap right now. I can even, I could even sell in this round and show dpi, if I have to, by the way, and do some recycling. That's very easy for me. Yeah, I wouldn't, but yeah, I wouldn't either, after doing this math, like I'd be giving up, especially with that move now, acquisition from ServiceNow, just the other day, yeah, multiple times larger than they were for 2.9 billion with a system of record. And we have JP Morgan. We won where we killed SS and C at a minimum. Yeah, we want we literally, we're the market is running on Hamza right now. Yeah, as we speak, 10 million, 10 million transaction types in there. They're distributing us to all money market funds, mutual funds and ETFs, for everyone that they service in, in security services, to the tune of a 5050, rev share. We're doing 400 billion right now today, of transaction volume. Yeah, Microsoft doesn't have this data. Google doesn't have this data. Apple doesn't have this data. Salesforce doesn't have this data. Yeah, I won. And then I'm going to focus on, what is the calculator app and the iMessage app, all the native applications there, on read, write, and I'm incubating insurance, a bunch of insurance stuff. I just bought an accounting firm that I way overpaid for, but it's the right one closed last Monday. I'm going to kill into it. Only I know how every, but every, every other accounting things, is zero. Yeah, I never did one in 15 years. I wonder why? It's because I need too much, right?

Speaker 1  11:52:13
What? What are you missing, like, what's, what's, what's the problem with just going and doing fun too, and having, you know, Connor put in five and I can make some phone calls to some guys and see if they're interested in doing fives. You know what I mean? Like, how do I

Joseph Guzel  11:52:26
switch this, I guess, like, like, it's, if that's the is there a pathway for me to get to 50 to 80. Because what I what I know I need to do to win again is I've got, I needed $100 million fund, not because I need to do a whole bunch of seeds and hire a whole bunch of people you always have to underwrite to where are the pussies at? Yeah. Series A Yeah, yeah. I've never been able to tell you what a series a milestone is in my whole life. Yeah, and I was a partner of series a firm, yeah, it's because it doesn't exist. Okay, so, so there's, there's the market for 500k checks to $5 million checks. Looks like Jonathan cordon gold from Blackstone or me, right? Yeah, effectively, so I want to be doing seven of seven, eight of eight, these kinds of things, barbelled with the same strategy over here, of the inception rounds. Yeah, that's where you get value at the application layer. Because we're in the application layer game now you don't get chime step, Novo Jeeves in succession, like that on accident. Yeah, right. And so I need to be able to, I actually have to be able to compete with, with muscle and price here. I don't necessarily need a lot more bodies. Maybe I can do it with 75 but I and what should I do, like, staging wise, I guess, Ben, like, should I just, like, make a deck and go to the LPs and be like, Yo, or should I have some kind of formal, you know, agreement? I don't know, you know, how do I protect Haven one? Because you guys, this is a lot of money. Now,

Unknown Speaker  11:54:05
yeah,

Joseph Guzel  11:54:09
it's a lot of money. It's, it's, it's like I ran a DCF on Hamza really conservatively, because we know what our baked forecast is, because the five year contracts and shit, that's the beauty of it. Yeah, it's like three to $4 billion we own almost 10% of it today on a $3 million cost basis. You're welcome, yeah? Thank you for trusting me with your capital. Yeah? Like, I'll keep doing that is all day, you know, yeah. And there's like six more hits, like, Hamza, yeah, I just put Jason Azar on the board of every set formally. One done. Okay, there's a bill. We own 20% of that. Yeah, we're $46 million fund. Come on, yeah, yeah. It's fun, man. And so we're supposed to be celebrating right now, like, god damn it.

Speaker 1  11:55:01
Totally, totally. Well, I think I would be inclined to say, you should, you should put a deck together, and you should, you should go out and talk to LPs. And I think you should just do it one by one, and you say, like, listen, unfortunately, McClain and I have, you know, we've lost common ground. And I think I'm going to do fun too alone. You're going to need to figure it out with McLean though. Like, you're going to need to have that conversation where you're like, Listen, man, like, I just, you know, take all our shit aside. You and I both know, like, fun two together probably doesn't make sense. You know what?

Joseph Guzel  11:55:42
Your brother brought up an idea that I thought was interesting, and I think you could work because at the end of the day, because your brother was like, You got to figure out what he wants. Yeah, that Liam way, and I was like, God, you're right. What does he want? He wants to he wants to be respected. He wants to have his own thing. He doesn't want to be told what to do. That's all I can get to I don't think he wants to be me. He doesn't want to feel marginalized in any way. He doesn't work either. No, exactly. So another way to back

Unknown Speaker  11:56:15
into what he wants is what he definitely doesn't want.

Joseph Guzel  11:56:18
You know? Yeah, he definitely doesn't want to be controlled. He doesn't want to be told what to do. He doesn't want to be micromanaged or managed. He doesn't want to appear to be incompetent.

Speaker 1  11:56:35
Yeah, so what does he want to do? Does he want to raise money? Does he want to be at the parties? Does he want us

Joseph Guzel  11:56:40
to do a quantum fund? Because, like, you know, FinTech, he comes. I'm the only one that doesn't come from the school. I realized this too, which is so stupid and weird for some reason, except for like, George at Sequoia, where, like, all the FinTech investors and stuff. All were, like, X bankers, yeah, what? How the hell did that happen? Like, even ones I really, really respect, like Dan Rosen and stuff. And so he wants to do quantum and he has an asymmetric information advantage there, obviously, because that Willow chip is old news. Man, that's, it's crazy, yeah? And so, and so, like, he and he has the New Mexico relationship. He's, he's, he does so well at that brand building stuff. Like, that's pissed me off. And then why? Why he doesn't lean into that and and so Liam suggested, like, do you raise a quantum fund under the Haven? Like, you have, like a quantum vehicle, and then the traditional vehicle and, like, have economics in both and just but kind of, like a clean split and delineation and so that I'm, you know, it's pretty good idea. Yeah, it's, well, your brother's pretty fucking smart, pretty good idea. Yeah, it's not a bad idea, right? Like, in an amount of capital where, and I think people should be investing in quantum it's a little bit early, but, like, that's all Larry does. And, yeah, I know Larry doesn't respect him so much. I think it's his way, weirdly of like, let me hang with my you know, let me have a really better relationship with Him.

Speaker 1  11:58:14
Do they have a shitty relationship? I wouldn't call

Joseph Guzel  11:58:17
it shitty, but, like, are you gonna have a brother in law? Yeah, but he's my best friend. Yeah, I love mine too, but he's also just, like, 27 and, like, smokes too many dabs, you know? I guess they call it, yeah.

Speaker 1  11:58:32
I mean, my brother in law, is literally my best friend. Like, oh, you're the same dating, yeah? Like, I'm like, we're like, I met his sister because we decided to do COVID at his house. Pardon

Joseph Guzel  11:58:46
me, were you guys teammates?

Speaker 1  11:58:48
No, we weren't teammates. I met him through another buddy of mine, and we were roommates at my condo here in it was, yeah, anyways, for like, three years. It was a blast anyway, so that's great. So, like, it's a bit different that way. But like, you know, it's, you know, anyway, long story short, I think there's probably legs there, you know. And just let them do, let them do that, and, and, and, like, money's not going to be the problem, you know,

Joseph Guzel  11:59:12
yeah, it's, it's certainly one of my problems right now. Like, that's why it's just, like, so devastating that he could, he would do that to me. That's why I say I'm not humanized with him, that he would hurt me like that. You know, yeah, no, that's, it's,

Speaker 1  11:59:26
it's shitty. I mean, that's why, like, I mean, just from like, a human perspective, that's why I feel like the split, like being clean, like,

Joseph Guzel  11:59:33
it's probably, it's probably the right idea. Do I call it Haven or do I, do I go and create a different brand? The good, the good news is, I didn't do any branding, like, I never

Speaker 1  11:59:42
do, yeah, totally. I mean, I think that's up to you. Like, you know, we backed Chris Howard and ritual, yeah, you know, it was, it was fuel, you know?

Joseph Guzel  11:59:54
And then it's right, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:59:58
but like, Why does no one care? Because it's Chris Howard.

Joseph Guzel  12:00:00
Chris Howard, yeah. What do you I know, I know we're almost over time, yeah. Is there any other Is there any other, like, is there any other examples like that? Because I know a lot of these people, maybe I go talk to them. I heard like, ritual, had something like this recently happen. Rachel

Speaker 1  12:00:17
did with with fund three, right? Like, so he he left after fund three, which was his brand, but he brought a partner in for fund three. They raised 75 million, and he was like, You know what? It doesn't really work. I'm better at like, 30 to 40 million, doing all my seed and pre seed checks and, like, working my way in. And he's like, and I work out, want to work alone. So, like, that's it. That was, that was ritual. And he's like, you know, very high pedigree. And,

Joseph Guzel  12:00:43
yeah, I mean, he's fantastic. I guess I have to decide whether I want to go it alone, or whether I need to find either one and equal. Because it because it running this model, it's just mathematically impossible to not have. I cannot have 15 board seats. Like you shouldn't back somebody with 15 board seats. Oh, for sure.

Speaker 1  12:01:05
But I think that, like, I think you can hire and train better. Yeah, I've

Joseph Guzel  12:01:10
trained, you know, Caroline Broder as a partner now at base 10, she was my associate. I'd hire her in a heartbeat. And Tobias Nelson Roose, he's excellent now. He's he might be my masterpiece, and I and he's in the bay, and he wants to move to New York. And, yeah, I trust him implicitly, and I don't know if crossing is going to have a fun 11 man.

Speaker 1  12:01:36
What about Gabby from index? Gabby from index,

Joseph Guzel  12:01:39
she just joined I don't know her well enough. I haven't worked with her on any boards or anything. I really like Gabby. I like how fucking intense she is. I like that. She like, doesn't drink. I like that. She's always running marathons. I like that. She like to probably beat the shit out of me. She's really, really smart.

Speaker 1  12:01:58
She's a former she's a former golden banker, yeah. So really detail oriented. So we back her fun Cassius and I helped her with, you know, talking through, leaving Cassius to then go to index.

Joseph Guzel  12:02:12
Is she the new demeanor now? Is that what it is, pardon me, I heard Damir and Dino are leaving. Well, dinos at a different you've met them, right? The barovi Twins. Damir is an index. He's been there forever. Bosnian twins from Cupertino, and then Dino was there, and then went to a operating role. And now I guess they're starting a fund. I'll send them to you when I when?

Speaker 1  12:02:34
Yeah, cool. I don't, I don't know. I don't know, like, what her thing is there. I know she's been working, like, you know, 16 hour days, you know. And like, she's, you know, she's, this is insane. And I haven't done this since banking. And I was kind of like, I mean, this is the problem, though, is that the people who left to go into venture left, like, partly for lifestyle. And I think that that's not it at all. No, you know, definitely. Well, I got here on process of elimination, man, yeah, yeah, it's,

Joseph Guzel  12:03:00
I'd love, like, a Jason, like, I'm also really close friends with, like, Jason Schuman, the other the other one, I like, check out this guy. Frazier Anderson, okay, he's at vestigo Ventures. And vestigo is one of these funds that, I guess is maybe like a cashews where it was like a family office ish kind of vibe. And like a bunch of you know, older guys that made a whole ton of money, and then Frazier, and now it's like continuing on just with Frazier and one of the side, one of the billionaire badass guys. What? Why I like it. He's on the East Coast. He's He's a classically trained board member. He's incredibly poised, like you would think it. He's sometimes a little too poison. I think he's fucking like Lord Byron or something like that. His wife's Canadian, and so he has good judgment, and he Boston is going to be interesting again, I reckon. Okay. Fin tech is over, okay? And everything in in finance, there's gonna be new physics of FinTech that emerge here, like I'm working on a play right now with Peter Tiger, who literally was one of the Olympus gods in Omaha with Warren Buffett that there a lot of those guys are leaving because Greg able is going to take over for Warren, right? Yeah, and there's a new tiger cub crew coming to light, and I captured a few of them already right before they got out. Give them a nice 500k check to do exactly what I say, which is a read write API for captives to allow the mid market to self insure itself and then sell the Ford flow straight to Apollo through Hamza by forking the code. Yeah, done. Right now, there's going to be more of that, but MIT, right there is has been entirely untapped. Yeah, and he's in, it's the application layer. Time, it's time to do 100 investments. Yeah, totally, totally. So he's won, but, but it's, you know, I'll figure out those details, I guess. So, if there was any others that you can think of, let me know. Yeah. I

Speaker 1  12:05:12
mean, like, yeah, it's like, or, or it's, or it's younger, you know what I mean, like, or it's like, that's, that's my thing on like, Caro as an example. It's like, Who do you love? That's like, yeah, senior associate level. How do you spell her name? Again? Literally,

Joseph Guzel  12:05:32
no, no. Sec, so many people have told me about this woman, terrible and for you and Stacy, like, what um, I mean, you guys are just gonna you guys have been hung up in this regulatory thing forever.

Speaker 1  12:05:48
Man, 18 months. Man,

Joseph Guzel  12:05:51
stamina, like, what do you what do you want to do? Like, how much longer like,

Speaker 1  12:05:58
I mean, like, we're waiting on an interview either that's, that's all we're waiting on, waiting on which one an interview with the OSC this woman? Yeah, she, she's, like, highly caffeinated. She speaks multiple languages. You know, she's like, she's got, like, Hustler, energy, man. Like, you know, she's like, I think, in between and like, what I've said to her before is, I've been like, Yo water tower is not venture. Like, I know you think you're like, doing venture, but it's not. And she's like, I know I'm like, immature. In between, I was talking to Gabby, like, do I try and go join a index? Do I compete? Like, like, you know, like a big firm? And I'm like, I think you find someone who can, like, help shape you, you know. So I introduced her to John Ehrlich at roar, because John's old. He's like, Paul Brickell at, you know, amplify, these guys have, like, seen cycles they've, like, invested in, you know, seen the downturns and stuff. And she's like, Yeah, it's an interesting point. And I'm like, and in my head, I'm like, I think what she's feeling there is like, she feels the age gap too much, like she's not saying it, but I'm like, interesting. That's like, tool, you know? But I don't think she's opposed to joining someone as long as she sees a path.

Joseph Guzel  12:07:11
You know what I mean, I I'm, I'm of the mindset of, because of, because of how I came up, right, like, I mean shit, man, I didn't even have health insurance when I joined crosscut. Did you ever tell you that I, I show, I show up to build, to build this fund with them after acquiring two of their businesses, right, as the as the acquirer. And, you know, I go from making, like a quarter mill, adding to it, board acquisition committee on Bill Campbell, blah, blah, blah, to back to like, 70k or something. And then first day, Rick Smith throws a HSA card at me. And he's like, here's your insurance. I was like, What's this? He's like, it's $500 HSA. You're young, you'll be fine. And then it's and so it's like, but, but I was in heaven, you know, I was in and, and I'm of the mindset of, like, because Eric screwed that up too, where, you know, like, he's had talks with me about acquiring Haven, yeah, especially the Hamza thing is going to be a killer for them. That I did the deal in 2020 I acquired it out at the cost basis. And Phil and Gabby have no dpi, you know, and neither does Eric. He needed David. David just had a stroke. It's a whole thing, and the pulling Tobias out of there would be good. But like, I'll, I'll turn, I'll turn her into, like, Rebecca from Canvas within three years.

Unknown Speaker  12:08:44
Yeah, I'll

Joseph Guzel  12:08:47
invest a million dollars making her the shit.

Speaker 1  12:08:50
Yeah. But my point is, Joe is like, I don't think you're gonna have a problem figuring out the partner, figuring out the associate, all that stuff. I think your problem is like, what do you do with McLean? Do you go out on your own? Do you change branding? Do you start fresh? Do you keep Haven get rid of McLean? Do you do the quantum fund to appease him and keep you know Larry Page's capital in your in your kind of back pocket, like, hopefully you need to make some calls there, you know? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:09:17
do you think so? I'm sorry. I know it's 1210, but the what do you think? What do you think I timing should be here? So let's assume I was going to go raise my own fund. And you saying 50 means that you think that I should keep it at 50. That's fine. I'll have, you know, I'll have this fund, and whatever that fund is. You think I should do this immediately, right now, before June, and just go at it really hard, or do you think I should stage it till q3 q4

Speaker 1  12:09:43
I would. That's a good question. Personally, here's the thing, man, I actually think you've got enough latitude to get someone like accolade to anchor, yeah, and if they anchor, you can do 75 okay, I

Joseph Guzel  12:09:59
want to, I still want to win. I don't just want to be mediocre.

Speaker 1  12:10:01
Yeah, I don't think it'd be mediocre at 50, though, you know, no,

Joseph Guzel  12:10:06
but I, I've always approached this though, man, I these are the same checks that I kind of cross link for a reason, because they thought they were doing series A's and instead of and I knew that we were supposed to do big seeds. And then, yeah, I played offense with my capital here, with our capital, and that you had you always you cannot hedge. We can't hedge. Yeah, no, it's not the business you're in. No, there's literally no mathematical way to hedge with the weapon I have, and with the application layer I know, from mint.com to today, and now seeing this whole thing through that you cannot like I, you can't be I can't bend the convexity curve the way that I could in the application layer, the enablement layer, physically working with the founders. Yeah, the back half of the portfolio from 2023 24 you'll see is all actually enablement layer, right? Because so I already did that game, so I have to invest aggressively there. And that just looks like. That looks like buying some fancy boys. Yeah, fancy boys are expensive. It looks like a sock team. I'm placing the sock team at Hamza. We're gonna get their technology to power everything. Chris peterton, your VP event from Zendesk. You know he's gonna cost 50 posts. That's fine. I'm gonna give you ten million of 10, and I'm gonna wait. Yeah, right, yeah. So, so that's so it looks like the ex executives, the guys spinning out of open AI, these guys burn a shit ton of money, because you can't unfuck someone's brain with a million bucks when they learn something one way, forever. It takes about eight Yeah. So okay, Ben, thank you so much, man. Let me know how I can help with your stuff, like, what, what I'm really happy on whether or not you know, the next couple months, whether or not we're through the regulatory stuff, they may just say no, you know, in which case, obviously I'll reach back out. But if they say yes, then obviously we're going to be live. We're going to raise small funds. Man, small funds. Well, that's what I'm talking about with Citadel for first principles. Bottoms up. That's what we should be doing here. Yeah, straight up, yeah and and on, if they say no, or if whatever, and you and Stacy want to think about like, some other way to do this. Like, yeah, why don't we just do that?

Speaker 1  12:12:37
Yeah, no, for sure, it's, I mean, it's all on the table, but I do think, like, you've got really good bones, and I think that like, McLean, like, you'll get it sorted, man. I mean, at the end of the day, he's not solving for money, which is actually, I think, easier to deal with when people are really trying to split the partnership up and do deal attribution and like, who's, like, who should get Carrie there and whatever? Like, that's fucking complicated.

Joseph Guzel  12:13:04
I have all that shit because of cross link. And I was, you know, equal, equal. But like, then when he's saying that, like, you know, he's gonna blow up all this work, or, like, keep me my this was supposed to be my chill year, so I could just, like, get my head straight to then be training people, and yeah, and get him situated to be the face of the fund. And yeah, and he screwed me. And so, like, now it's like, I gotta strain my marriage. I gotta go on the road. I gotta go do all these things that I just wasn't, you know, I was running out of gas. So, yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyways, okay, man, well, I'll keep you posted. I'll send you the Homs and stuff. But by the way, on that, what I haven't done an SPV in a while, what I was just going to do, like, cost and is it, cost in 10? Is market cost in 15? Like, yeah, we could do, you should do $5 million into this thing. I'm dead fucking serious. Yeah,

Speaker 1  12:14:02
yeah, seriously. We need careful with the SPV for us, because, like, I think most of them are set up as LLCs, yeah, you can

Joseph Guzel  12:14:09
go direct. I'll put up. Yeah, they're direct. I want to do an sp because I don't have time to manage it, right? It's just Yeah, entity that I have to audit.

Speaker 1  12:14:20
Yeah, yeah. Okay, let me I'll talk to my mom and I'll, I'll let you know your mom is gonna heads up. Your mom's

Joseph Guzel  12:14:25
gonna shit a brick on this one. Like, actually, because, like, she knows the whole space. What

Speaker 1  12:14:31
can you spend? What can you send over on Hamza? Because I want to make sure she feels competent and comfortable and all the rest of it 100%

Joseph Guzel  12:14:38
Well, I will. I have Adam right now being filmed doing a pitch, so I'll have, I'll have the video. I'll send you the deck, and I have a big ass Haven memo that I'm going to publish all within, all by like, probably 3pm Pacific, okay,

Speaker 1  12:14:54
perfect. Man, perfect. Okay, man, keep me posted. Just text me anytime you want to brainstorm and let me

Joseph Guzel  12:15:00
know. Thank you so much, dude. Thank you. I really


Transcribed by https://otter.ai