Joseph Guzel  09:48:57
To retain Personal count. Counsel. There's no hanging time. You don't, you don't, you don't know. You cannot call anybody Ashley. That's a huge mistake. Yes, it is Ashley. Call him. I have, I can't call him. I have to call Thomas King from Fenwick and West I cannot. We cannot go to Cooley. We have to retain personal counsel first. This is very serious. Can I tell you what you said? You can tell me what he said, but do not communicate over text or anybody with McClain, with anybody in the industry, please. Well, we just did, and he's a haven limited partner, okay? It's, it's so serious. Ashley, I just, I just woke up, yeah, but, but this is really serious. Ashley, no stop. Okay, we're in a good position because of facts. Everything's okay. It's not. Let me talk to you. Okay? So I

Speaker 1  09:50:16
talked to John, and he was like, I've been trying to call Joe since Thursday.

Joseph Guzel  09:50:20
I wanted, no, he is not. I've spoken to multiple times.

Unknown Speaker  09:50:23
Okay, I think you just need to call him.

Joseph Guzel  09:50:25
I have to call our lawyers first and retain them. Can I tell you what he said? I want exact

Speaker 1  09:50:31
I am so he said that

Joseph Guzel  09:50:37
I am recording, I have

Speaker 1  09:50:39
to he said that he emailed, he said maybe two weeks ago, he emailed McLean with a recommendation for his name. Right quick

Joseph Guzel  09:50:51
is, is John Klein's current analyst that we have been interviewing extensively, and he's passed every bar, every test,

Speaker 1  09:51:00
and he said that he emailed him, then McLean emailed him back, and was like, and

Joseph Guzel  09:51:05
I'll get upset. When did when did he get emailed back?

Unknown Speaker  09:51:09
Oh, I think he said I could be so wrong. I think he said Wednesday.

Joseph Guzel  09:51:11
I'm sure it was on. He said he

Speaker 1  09:51:15
emailed him two Fridays ago, first or sorry, John emailed McLean two Fridays ago with the recommendation.

Joseph Guzel  09:51:24
I'm on that email, and it wasn't two Fridays ago. Okay, so I'm just telling

Unknown Speaker  09:51:28
you, um,

Speaker 1  09:51:30
he's, I'm gonna butcher because it's I gave a telephone, yep. And that's what Amanda said around like Tuesday or Wednesday. Mcclaney, hold him back and said, don't I hear that bridwick has a lot of really great offers. I don't think we're gonna be moving forward with ours. And when John told me that, I was like, No, Joe's of 100% hiring this guy, he is talking to lawyers drafting up this agreement and and he was like, I mean, Joe is his number one choice that he wants to work with him. And when McLean emailed him that, John's like, Okay, well, I mean, you guys need to let him know, brother know this, because it's his career on the line. And then McLean and got on a phone call, and McLean was like, listen, I John did say that every time he's talked to McLean has always said nothing but great things about Joe. He's always been positive, and this time was a little different. And he said that he's like, Joe needs executive coaching, which he's emailed you that about, or you guys have

Joseph Guzel  09:52:35
had McLean has never had executive coaching. I have had extensive executive

Speaker 1  09:52:39
coaching. I'm just telling you, okay, he's like, before we end up hiring anyone. Joe needs to have this coaching done, and why,

Joseph Guzel  09:52:48
there's no policy that we are supposed to. John

Speaker 1  09:52:52
said, Sure. John will talk to you, okay, and say the same thing. And he McLean said he's worried about your mental state, not in a state of you like being sick or anything, but just that you like say things that are not professional to people that you work with. And John said that he's like, I've experienced the first hands, and I think it was with Joe. And Joe's great, he's great. But sometimes he like, I've been on calls with him, and like, I have to put him on an agenda to stay focused, because he can kind of go, like, back up. I was like, yeah, like, of course. Like, that's I'm like, the thing is, with Joe, he doesn't have an associate, he doesn't have an assistant. He has no one say, keeping him on task. Him on task to help him with this stuff. And that's why he's trying to get with like, he's trying to, like, create these processes. For

Joseph Guzel  09:53:45
years I've been trying and including implementing partner meetings

Speaker 1  09:53:49
like, and this came up later. He was like, Is Joe is I don't is? Like, I hope Joe's like, not on Adderall anymore. And I was like, I think I'm like, I'm sure he is. Like, I think he

Joseph Guzel  09:53:57
so has it. But like, is that worse than John doing ketamine all day? Hold on. I was

Speaker 1  09:54:01
like, but we can't I'm like, Can we agree that Joe has ADD? He's like, Oh yeah. He's like, you don't need a doctor. I'm like, he's for sure. Like, there's like, he needs that Adderall. Oh, there's nothing wrong with it. I'm like, he has ADD. Like, Joe's like, he moves million miles a minute. And he's like, I tell people all the time, like, when you work with Joe, like, you have to keep up. He moves very fast. He's like, I talked to the account I was he was saying things are more like, legit, of like, I'm just saying the words that I remember. But he was saying that he's like, I was with I was doing the accounting deal with Joe. I could be saying the wrong thing again, and these guys called me, and he was like, Is Joe? Okay? Like, he's kind of like, all over the place. And how he speaks, he moves very fast. And again, none of these are, I don't think are necessary, the accounting guys. He said,

Joseph Guzel  09:54:50
were the accounting guys, I don't know Matt and, or, sorry, Matt, whoever accounting

Speaker 1  09:54:56
guys you're wearing, and they've called him and, like, have had concerns. And then I guess the guy that you hired for every said, this is where these are getting connected. Remember yesterday you were like, Will said the wrong names. This is, I think, where it's getting connected. The Asian guy, Korean guy, I guess you, like, said something about, like, North Korea and South Korea that really offended him. And it's certain things like that that John was saying, you can't he's like, I know Joe. Like, I know Joe isn't racist or, like, sexist, or any of these things. But the things he's saying in some of these meetings and even in interviews, I guess you're having with candidates where you're like, you don't want to hire

Joseph Guzel  09:55:31
certain types of people who said that John did. Well, how does he know about interviews with certain

Speaker 1  09:55:36
candidates? I don't know how. I don't know, babe, okay, and I'm gonna tell you, I also connect with dots, with other things, and

Joseph Guzel  09:55:41
okay with Daniel, the other person. I was just talking with Evie about him yesterday. I've been in constant communication with him, trying to broker him taking this role. And we might not move forward with Daniel, okay, but these

Unknown Speaker  09:55:58
are certain things that people are saying. Like,

Joseph Guzel  09:56:02
are not professional. People are coming to him specifically and giving him this feedback, yes. Like, like,

Speaker 1  09:56:08
the accounting guys and the guy with every side, okay, okay. And so John

Joseph Guzel  09:56:12
accounting guys for which John Klein did a quality of earnings with respect to the acquisition that we're closing cast finance is the company at Haven. We're $3 million into it. I'm on the board of directors, and this is a haven incubation. We commissioned John Klein to who outside of Key Bank, and his normal hours is an extracurricular kind of you know activity. Whether or not he's permitted to do something like that as a director at Key Bank is unbeknownst to me, but we paid him between 15 or $20,000 for the quality of earnings that he did on the asset purchase of 10th house, the accounting firm, which we are acquiring imminently for $6 million at close 9 million total consideration, John did a good job. Signatures are on the QE, and I'm obviously on the board of directors of this company, and speak to the founders every single day. Okay, so

Speaker 1  09:57:10
that's where, like, this concern of of like the professionalism is coming from.

Joseph Guzel  09:57:14
But to be clear, apologies for interrupting John in no way whatsoever has been privy to or part of any board or non board related or operational strategic activities or phone calls regularly scheduled meetings with the founders or or the company, or anything to

Speaker 1  09:57:38
do with the concerns are not like you have a drug problem, first of all, because that's where, what Jackie said yesterday made it seem that way, and I said that, and even what bull told you, and I told John, he was like, no, like, not, not where any of this is coming from. And I was like, Okay, I'm like, because I'm like,

Joseph Guzel  09:57:54
What about John's drug problem? Joe, we're not talking about John. Well, I've got one person with a chemical imbalance. William Cofield, that's that's admitted. I got another guy who does ketamine all day. John Clark, okay, let

Speaker 1  09:58:07
me talk though. Okay, there's the concern is not about you having a drug problem. That's what I'm

Joseph Guzel  09:58:12
trying to say. What about the fact that people that we know have drug problems are calling okay and saying things about me, your husband, I know. Let me talk. And even when

Speaker 1  09:58:21
I talk, because this makes me feel so much better, like he's like, because I was kind of worried by what I'm hearing, and I was like, listen, like, you can go from zero to 100 real fast. Can you agree

Joseph Guzel  09:58:30
on that? Well, can you agree this is we're being attacked.

Speaker 1  09:58:32
Oh, I understand. Hold on. Let me talk, though. Because if people are saying this, and you need to control that, I know, so that's what I'm trying to tell you. Can you agree that you can go from zero to 100 go fast setting and a personal setting? Yes, this is something you're working on,

Joseph Guzel  09:58:49
sure, but it's my personality and my my my performance, professional conduct, and the fact that and how I service these limited partners and the job, the good job that I do, running Haven, that I do, running haven where McLean has almost nothing to do with it, okay,

Speaker 1  09:59:06
that the way you operate and how good you are, and how you talk to people sometimes that can out that can ruin all your good work. Okay, yeah, I understand. Okay, so, yeah, just let me continue.

Joseph Guzel  09:59:20
So that is just like, just like you. What all what can also ruin how it's gotten worse over time, is what you're suggesting. And I, what I think other folks are suggesting is because of the burden of operating the firm without the proper support, which is a massive breach of fiduciary duty, I told

Speaker 1  09:59:38
John. I said, Imagine Joseph every night at 3am because he's working so hard. How did I How does that take a toll on his daily performance? He's tired, he's exhausted, he's stressed. He has no one helping

Joseph Guzel  09:59:51
him. And is McClain up till 3am working, sharing the loads? No, he is not. And then

Speaker 1  09:59:55
John goes, Yeah, I get him. So like that amount of stress and lack of sleep. What does that do? The

Joseph Guzel  10:00:00
problem is they all think that McLean is working as hard as me, so let me, let me talk, baby, he's leveraging our reputation. It's especially on your side, I would hope so. He's really these people don't know McClain. I know he is really on your side, yet everybody's questioning me, baby,

Speaker 1  10:00:16
let me talk. And I told, I told John. I was like, how would you act if you're not sleeping and you're working and you're stressed? He's like, I get it. And I was like, Okay, so like, all these things, it makes sense. Like, of course, he's gonna be like, if he's gonna go from zero to 100, he's tired. He's like, I'm cranky, I'll be a bitch sometimes if I'm like, not sleeping if I'm not eating. So all this compounds, and this is why Joe is trying to hire with and like this.

Joseph Guzel  10:00:43
For years I've been trying to hire and so, and McLean has had discriminatory

Speaker 1  10:00:47
practices, and so, um, that was a big point. He's blocked hires

Joseph Guzel  10:00:52
on the basis of their their political affiliation, on that

Speaker 1  10:00:55
too. And I was like, if you're saying Joe has, like, racism and sexism, like, whatever preferences. Let's talk about McLean. He was like, I was like, I honestly, like, don't that part. I don't even care about what I only care about is, like, people aren't saying this about Joe and like, who

Joseph Guzel  10:01:10
else is saying this? He only told

Speaker 1  10:01:11
me it was the cast finance and the every set guy who was, who was getting higher, not not Eb, and not run, like, not them. It was that guy. He was more of like, oh, and is he okay? John was like, Hey, if you're working with Joe, you just gotta keep up with him. Like, he moves a million miles an hour. He's like, he's like, I have to put him on agendas and keep you look at the conversation, put it back on track. Because you do. Sometimes you walk on the tangent, yeah, obviously sometimes you like, say, background information. He brought up something how you guys had like, a meeting one time with like, doctors, and you were seeing all this information. John was like, these guys, they don't need this information. And you were, like, over explaining things.

Joseph Guzel  10:01:49
Well, that's fine. John is a service provider on one hand, and then he's a, and on another hand, he's, he's, he's a, he's a limited partner. And I understand, I do think that like structure is good. That's why hiring people is good. That's why That's why these firms have partner meetings so that they can run through the agendas. McLean refuse. Hold on. Refuses to do it. I

Speaker 1  10:02:08
told John. I was like, Joe needs structure. Joe needs to be in an office. He's been going to an office a few days a week. And I was like, I think by him again, in his house, McLean

Joseph Guzel  10:02:16
goes to his sister's office.

Speaker 1  10:02:19
By Joe being in his office all day, those strings get looser. Where, like, you would never talk to someone like that in an office setting you would never like, because you're you feel so comfortable here. So my home since so I like, Joe needs that structure. He needs to go to an office. He needs to have a team. He needs like, and he's like, I agree, and all that. So I think. And he was like, I he's like, Ashley, last week, I this guy lied to me and or maybe it wasn't lost, because, like, one time this guy who worked for me lied to me, I lost my shit on him. I screamed. I said, Fuck. Maybe 20 times I leave and I come back. HR was already in my office. I was like, Yeah, because you can't do that shit. He's like, you can't. He's like, the way Joe and I were, we were into it together.

Joseph Guzel  10:02:57
That stuff would have flowed. I was gonna get too with John. Or he's like, went back

Speaker 1  10:03:00
into a taste. He says, like that. And I think you say, so there's been he says, my first principles. He's like, we all know about first principles, like, and he was like, and I don't know what, Joe acts like, no one else has heard of it. So, like, there's something you say a lot about friends first principles that maybe reps people the wrong way. Well, I didn't go into that, but yeah, because I don't care. He was like, that's irrelevant. I'm just saying, and

Joseph Guzel  10:03:22
VC firms don't have HR, by the way. He doesn't understand they're different. He was like, That said cross cut did not have HR,

Speaker 1  10:03:29
like, the stuff that flew back when we were young, and like, growing up in this business does not fly anymore today. Yeah, I understand. And that's all. He was just he's like, I already had HR in my office. Like, writing me up. Um,

Joseph Guzel  10:03:40
right, but there I have no HR violations. I

Speaker 1  10:03:43
know, baby. I'm just telling you. So then I then I was like, okay, so what? Nor am I an employee. Okay. So I was like, So where did this other I also am curious, like, where did this come from? Joe showed up to this lunch or coffee with will drunk. And then he was like, I was like, like, what I what Joe told me was that he showed up with a bottle of rose to have a drink with the boys. And he was like, Yeah, will or he was like, it, it came to me that Joe was ready to, like, start drinking. Joe was already drinking, and ready, like, gonna start drinking. I'm like, Don't to the farmers market, do crab legs for me. And he got, probably got wine at the vendor that we always go to, and brought it to the boys. And I'm like, what is that? What's wrong with these like, the, they're the they're implying that Joe is, like, drinking and ready to drink all day. Like, that's probably one o'clock. I was drinking Rosie with my friends at noon. What is wrong with

Joseph Guzel  10:04:32
that? And he was like, nothing. So why? So who is bringing this? I said, so

Speaker 1  10:04:36
what? Let me guess what happened? Because I'm like, will left, called McLean. The McLean called you, told you, told you this. He goes, Yeah, it goes, I'm assuming that's how it happened. I was like, okay, like, I'm connecting. I'm gonna connect these dots for

Joseph Guzel  10:04:46
you. I need more about that. I I don't know. How did you not dig him deeper? Why did McLean reach out to John like that? And why did, why is will involved? So he's will is not will is not a limited partner, and will is not McClain. Oh, sorry, mentally stable. Will, Will, it will, will, will confirm he's on. Well, it's not that it's ketamine therapy, necessarily, but he confirmed that he has a diagnosed chemical imbalance.

Speaker 1  10:05:12
Okay, so he said that, um, he's like, I'm only involved because of with wick. And that's only reason why McClain calling me is because of that. He also mentioned, hold on. He mentioned, there's other key players in this thing with you. And when, back in September, when this was happening, or October, the key players, what I was told was, will Eric and Brandon, yeah, okay, that's why I want you to call John, and then you're gonna call Brandon, because I don't think Brandon has fucking time to deal with this, and that's why no one's he hasn't called you. I think you call him and get ahead of him. Be like, What the fuck is happening before? What

Joseph Guzel  10:05:48
is what is happening? I don't know. I don't because so far, nothing is happening. I don't know nothing has been happening. I reached out to will, and I told to hang out with him, yeah, and get his advice on what to do with McClain, yeah, because that is an actual documented auditable problem. Yeah. The reality of the reality of the matter is, no matter what Ashley, we have the undeniable burden of proof between audio transcripts, attribution, fact, testimonials, everything, yeah, I took care here and and, and there's nothing. What McLean is attempting to do here is disparage me, and he's what I have to assume he's also doing is going to the limited partners behind my back, which is a breach of it's, it's overreach in every single way. Only going to he's, he's trying to, because if he can pull a key man the mutually assured destruction poison pill here to destroy the fund. Yeah, the limited partners have to side with one or the other. Now, as of before, it was obviously going to be with me. Now, what McLean is trying to do is disparage everything.

Unknown Speaker  10:07:17
So, um, I think,

Joseph Guzel  10:07:22
what do you I get it understand how bad this is I do. That's why I'm talking to you, Joe, I'll be I'll be out of the business. I My life will be over. I

Speaker 1  10:07:31
know that's why I'm trying to talk to you about this and get a handle on it. Okay, I don't

Joseph Guzel  10:07:36
deserve this. No, I know, but I don't deserve this, babe. I've worked so hard. I think you need to,

Speaker 1  10:07:44
please don't get upset. You do need to get a handle on how you talk to people. You do. I think it's you. You mean it out of like, Pat. You're passionate. You mean well, but like, even I told, I told you last time, like I was driving with Ally and like, I didn't know any of this was going on. I swear to God, I did not know any of this was going on. No one has called me. No one has contacted me. She even I was like, I just don't feel like anybody's protecting me. I am protecting you. John is protecting you.

Joseph Guzel  10:08:14
This is not, yes,

Unknown Speaker  10:08:15
he is. This is bad Joe. And

Joseph Guzel  10:08:17
my whole life, my reputation. But what Ali

Speaker 1  10:08:20
did say, and again, she, I don't know anything about this, Ali goes the thing with Joe. Like, if you don't know him, he says things, and he'll say things he doesn't mean it. He says things that can really offend people, and it's not okay in business sometimes, like, if with front lunch, it was with friends, we get it so and, but it's like, that's not okay. You don't mean to defend anybody. You don't mean to say, like, you say things even, like, about Trump, like, I can just keep politics out of everything. Oh,

Joseph Guzel  10:08:51
trust me, I have a lot of documentation on McLean attempting, really, not letting politics like I know his he the way that he has conducted himself,

Speaker 1  10:09:03
I know but babe, I'm saying for you, don't talk about McLean. I want focus on you. I think it's important for you to, like, take a step, because I think it's working at home. I think being comfortable in the setting, you talk like you're talking casually with people. You're talking freely. You're talking as if, like people are your buddies. I think you need to take that out of the equation. Be professional. Be a like, be in your business mind as if you are talking you're in an office with your tie on, in your suit, and you're taken seriously. Like, I think that is what you need to go into every setting with that mindset, come with agendas, come with a plan, stay on topic, because by you not doing any of those things is making people question you, which is not warranted. But in order to protect yourself, you need to do that. I does that make sense? Okay, it

Joseph Guzel  10:10:03
does make sense. I'm not trying to like it does make sense

Speaker 1  10:10:06
because I don't want anyone to I don't want anyone to have the all of

Joseph Guzel  10:10:10
this audio that I have from 2021 to date, of every single business interaction, every meeting, every pitch, every due diligence conversation, every LP pitch, every LP interaction, every board meeting, every board setting, every board check in every strategic discussion, the ones that are scheduled and the ones that are off topic, the sheer volume for which I am the first call for 20 founders on any given Day, the way that I ideate and create the companies with them, the way that my earned insights and my knowledge are what drive all the value and get literally all of this. Okay, you'll see that that is the case. I am professional. But

Speaker 1  10:10:55
one thing for one person to be saying, of you, saying something bad about them, about their race, anything that

Joseph Guzel  10:11:04
can ruin I am a refugee, a Palestinian refugee and an American. I am not a racist. I know you're not. You know what's you know what's racist? A trillionaire white man from McLean, Virginia, trying to force who has no experience or credibility in the industry, has zero track record of actually, of attributed investments, has zero track record of doing the role of a venture capital associate, let alone a managing co managing partner of a institutional venture capital fund trying to force us to hire people based solely on their race and gender, I know, and gender and education. That is literally illegal, I

Speaker 1  10:11:51
know, but I'm telling you, what do you always tell me, chess, not checkers. You need to play chess. Here I am. Now, yes, you have to, like, really tighten things up. I know you're like, so good at this, but like, do it to where people are like, whoa, Joe is like, God is shit together. Things are good. Like, you need to make it work. It's like, overly like, your backup cross link. You're like, on task. You have deadlines. You are, like, a drill sergeant. Will

Joseph Guzel  10:12:19
I got will to this yesterday now, but the biggest travesty is I didn't have all of that conversation recorded yesterday. No, I don't, okay. I called him afterwards.

Speaker 1  10:12:30
Okay, good. Because I was like, no one said anything, but I'm like,

Joseph Guzel  10:12:35
that's why I touched that's why I touched base with, yeah, I called Heston afterwards, and then I called and then obviously, Rod and stuff didn't know, and Heston was incredibly confused. I made sure to bring up and even the chemical imbalance that will has, even

Speaker 1  10:12:51
when I guess McClain called John, he was like, how do you think Joe is? And he was like, Joe's fine. He's like, he's so different than what was a year and a half ago, like, in a better way. He's like, he lost all that, and I saw him cry at the altar, like, and he's like, a photo so, like, cracks me up, but he's like, he's not like, how he was here. And I was like, no, he's so much better, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  10:13:10
well, I'm a 36 year old man who had to move in with his wife who is completely self sufficient, unlike literally all of you, where McLean is 100% covered by his sister and his brother in law financially while, while taking a very healthy salary from Haven ventures, one that I allowed, yeah, we should be making far more money. And you have the same thing, like you did not have to worry about any of this, and this was all because of you, by the way, babe, I know you are. You are partially to blame for this, by the way, literally, yes, you are. How could you not be? You needed me to do all this stuff, unbelievable amount of stress, and nobody's going to ever empathize with that, and I've made that clear in my conversations. I was like I had to do things that I understand now people are just not going to be able to reconcile how difficult it must have been for a fully grown man running a business that is growing who has no financial support other than himself and no backing to do all the things that I had to do, culturally, financially, physically, for God's sake, and and it cut it stems from the fact that I just, it's, it's what I I brought up yesterday. It was just like, and I brought this up to Heston as well, which was like, you know, doing things for other people that burdened myself and were not in the best interest of my well being. Like, for example, going to Tulum in February because it was convenient for Brandon, not for me, as we were moving into this home and spending an ungodly amount of money doing it, I did not need to do anything like that for you, nor was it necessary, it turns out, but I allowed it, just like I allowed this to happen. This, this is only happening because I allowed it. McLean is only a 5050, partner because I allowed it. We have no employees right now because I allowed it. There's no legal mechanism to block me. However, there is a clear breach of fiduciary responsibility here. LP, overreach, discriminatory practices, all of it. It's very documented, and it's very bad. I allowed him to do this because he's a 5050, partner, and I wanted to set a basis of respect. No, this will stay on.

Speaker 1  10:15:44
He when He John did bring up the Adderall, he was like, he I was like, he definitely takes it. He's like, do you know if it's like, from a doctor? And I was like, I'm pretty sure it is, like, I've seen a bottle. He's like, okay. He's like, that's all that matters, because I know he was taking some bootleg Adderall for a minute, and that's really scary, and can really be bad for you. And I was like, No, we, we've had that conversation. I'm pretty sure it's prescribed by a doctor. I told we sat down, like, a little after our honeymoon or after the morning, I forget when, and I made it very clear, like, how serious that is. And it's like, my like, don't do blow tonight. It's more like this, I want you to be on the right medication. Like, I want you to be on the right dosage. Not like any like, one to a doctor and he like, everything's fine. Like, he's good. He's like, okay, good. Like, thank God. He's like, because he's like, I know. Like, I just want to make sure he's, like, healthy and, like, doing everything safely. And I was like, no, he's fine, but you are right. You it is with a doctor. Okay,

Joseph Guzel  10:16:43
this is so inappropriate. What? And so he said that will Cofield said that they had a group. What is this group intervention nonsense? So Will

Speaker 1  10:16:53
and John have not talked. I guess there's other key players, he said. And while I go this brand, it's exactly who it was last time it's Brandon, Eric will and claim. So I said, Joe's gonna call Brandon's like, have me, have him call me first. He's like, I was like, and Matt's pissed off at Jackie ate our sleep on the couch to sign. He's like, laughing like, he's like, he's he should not be mad. He's like, No, because I told them not to tell you guys, because I wanted to tell Joe I wanted to come from me,

Joseph Guzel  10:17:18
not from No, this is, I'm so happy they said something, because it's the corroborating evidence. This is, it's highly This is very bad. What what they're doing, what McLean is perpetuating. Here is a 5050, partner breach of LP outreach. These are limited partners. Do

Speaker 1  10:17:34
you think anything? How was your dinner with Sebastian? It was fine. We had fun. Don't think anything. Okay, yeah, it

Joseph Guzel  10:17:41
was nice. We mostly just talked about the industry and shit. Okay,

Speaker 1  10:17:46
yeah. And then McClain or McLean, John did mention something about, like, there's the Joe show a lot of the time, where you don't let other people, like, in anything. I've talked to Joe about this before. It's like, I think it's more, I think that goes back to even, I'm just saying this now, like, not, don't say, I think this goes back to, like, when you were with Jamie diamond it's like, maybe, like, sometimes you don't allow,

Joseph Guzel  10:18:10
I had, I have, I have, I have the entire Jamie diamond conversation recorded. That's what I'm saying. No, no, I have the entire even, like you're gonna see, like, what if you listen to the Jamie diamond conversation, which I have entirely recorded in the room? Yeah, everything will become clear that this that the issue. It really boiled down to politics. It boiled down to politics. That's all it was. And where I got to with will Cofield yesterday, okay, after he admitted that he has psychological problems and was very unhinged, is I was like, you don't will I call you like when I need advice for something historically, like you've been my consiglieri, you know, like you need to give me something actionable here with respect to, and this is how I was speaking with him, very measured. That's what unraveled everything. Because then will started to, I was like, I told him, how are you doing? How are things at the firm, at Riot ventures like I you, you were making a huge power move here to last year to hire Jason Black, who was previously at re, which it sounds like Re has folded. That's a venture from New York. Jason black, I believe you met him before, and clearly it didn't work, and a lot of people knew about it, and now Jason doesn't have a job. And you and I just haven't, I haven't talked to you how, like, what, what went down. And I said, obviously, like, with, with me and McLean, like, understand well, like, I'm not trying to remove him from the firm or take away his equity. I'm simply resetting some things that are very basic that I should have set in place before, but did not have the proper counsel advising me it had nothing to do with 5050, everything to do with just operating this business. Yeah, McClain is not qualified to make decisions around investments, around hires. He has never gone through an interview process in his life. He never interviewed for his job at crosslink. He was never an associate, an analyst, a principal, a partner. He was a venture partner. That's like a board partner, advisor, title. He tries to perpetuate this idea that that's not the case, that he was actually the same as me. I allowed that to happen because I thought that it would be good for the perceived equity of Haven ventures as a startup, if we both look similar. Clearly, that was a mistake, and I've been rectifying it. The founders are now realizing this, because I tell them now. Adam zabar, all of them, okay, I know, you know, but they did not know. And that's the problem. Even our friends thought that he is the same. But anyways, will then I told him, I was like, I was like, Okay, well, what's how are you? And then, you know, he proceeds to talk about how he has no joy or happiness, and he hasn't for a very long time, and that chemical imbalance snuck up on him, and he's being treated, and they're in whatever. I wish him well. And then how do you know if you have a chemical imbalance? Of the doctor, he went to a psychiatrist, he said, and I imagine, I don't know, I'm not a doctor, but actually, they did brain scans and different kind of psychiatric stuff. I mean, will has confided in me over the years that his time as an altar boy, yeah, and yeah, yeah. So it's unfortunate. I think it's it's quite true and super sad. And I hope he's, I hope he gets Okay. And just to be clear, I pulled everything back to my wife, like when he was making accusations that I need to at least several times, that he said that I need to be like, admitted, which is incredibly offensive, but I handled it well. And I said, Listen, my wife and I are dealing with this. My family and I are dealing with this. I brought it back to us. It's like, this is, like, highly inappropriate. And he tried to claim that, like, you know, there's an like, like, TJ, TJ said that you're monologuing at the brick dynamics board meeting. Was like, I was like, well, first of all, you're not in those meetings. You're not a board member, monologuing

Unknown Speaker  10:22:38
at me, like, back to the Joseph kind of comment, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  10:22:40
but it's, you know what? That's not they. It's just not the case. And also, those aren't board meetings. Will, Will is also hardly qualified to make those kinds of accusations, like, he's really not, yes, he runs a fund. He's not a co Managing Partner, and he hasn't. He doesn't have board experience, like I do, like, he just hasn't done it. It's, it's they, where it got to at the end, Ash was, was, I was like, Okay, give me something actionable here. Like, what's, what's like, what do I do? Like, like, what, what do you think I should do? And he's like, You need to just like, you need three, four or five weeks of just like, it needs to be chill, because you're six months away of from losing everything. He kept saying that I'm gonna, I was like, how am I gonna lose everything here? Well, you're, you're, you're not, you're not fit to be in front of LPs and this and this and that. I'm like, Who? Right? And he's like, Harvard endowment this, he's naming limited partners who are, like, not limited partners from base who, and I'm like, Okay, well, irrelevant, you know. But understood. And then he and it boiled down to he was like, well, you're grandstanding and like, we you are not proven in this industry. Track Record wise. I was like, I am. Actually, it's I have legal attribution that allowed me to raise Haven one like, you know the fun. We'll see how fun one goes. But I've been doing this a while. I'm pretty consistent. I'm not the best, but I am a FinTech expert, unequivocally. And it came it's in. And what does that have to do with anything? Like, I never say that I'm the best or whatever. But like, what is that, if you're not actually an expert at something in this career, what are you doing? You don't have any place in it. Hint. Hint will is not an expert at anything, not even an expert at venture construction. McClain isn't right. You see a trend. Eric isn't right. As it stands. I have a better track record than Eric. That's part of the problem as well. Ashley, that you don't realize. Hamza was a cross link investment. I took it right? They're in a tough spot. Roofer has they have no attribution on it. I do that's not good there. It's an existential risk. Gabby and Phil don't have the track records. You know, Eric doesn't have the track record. Jim is retired. It's gone. So they're trying to figure it out. It's death, it's desperation. And he basically it boiled down to arrogance, thinking that I'm arrogant. All of this boiled down to arrogance, which is something that Mclean from like day one, when we started Haven one would be, would try to be like, don't when you're doing due diligence, don't like, tell them what they're supposed to be doing. It's like McClain, you've never done this before, ever you are learning here how to be a VC. You need to sit down and shut up and take notes. I have been doing this successfully a long time. I am not some junior employee that would be like somebody sitting and being like, you're really arrogant about your marketing strategy recommendations to Catherine. It's like, it's like, it's like, Excuse me. Always like, yeah, they hire you because you're an expert. These people are not experts. So what do I do now? I think you need a call. I have to call our lawyers first. Okay, yeah, John, and

Speaker 1  10:26:24
then call Brandon. I'm not talk to Brandon. I'm not talking to Tali about this. I don't think,

Joseph Guzel  10:26:29
I don't think Brandon is involved, actually, yes, because

Speaker 1  10:26:34
this is the same like little aside from John. It's the same circle as last time. And John said that there are players in this, and if he's saying he doesn't know who they are, because

Joseph Guzel  10:26:48
I don't know who they are, we obviously know who they are. I and so so did will. Did will Cofield say that there was a group intervention yesterday. No, because clearly he got, I walked him to his car, babe,

Speaker 1  10:26:59
that's where Jackie got mixed up. And that's, I was like, I think there was a game and tell them. He's like, Yeah, he's like, I was like, there was he like, doing sort of rehab. He's like, no anything. There's like, oh,

Joseph Guzel  10:27:08
that's absolutely what he said. But that's not what McLean that's absolutely that's not what it was told to John McClane. McLean literally, or sorry, will Cofield literally said multiple times, like, we have for drugs. I was like, I was like, for what he's basically like, trying to admit me. And I was like, I was like, I am not your Devon. I'm sorry about your failure with your friend that you can't get over. But like, and I told him, I was like, I was like, will, like, I'm sorry, but like, you've been a really shitty friend. Yeah? Like, you don't call me. You're going and having all these conversations. I haven't talked to you in ages. How are you? And that's he was, like, I have been a shitty friend. That's when he started to divulge, like, what's going on with his chemical imbalance. And I was like, so like, look, it's highly inappropriate. I appreciate your concern, but, like, we don't have communication will so and you don't know who McLean is, nor have you worked with him ever, and you don't understand the situation. So what's the deal here? Is it all becoming a little bit more clear? I'm not like running desperate, like trying to make excuses for myself for some behavior. Are you telling me that's where you're saying this? No, generally like for you and for everything I get it. I well, I think now you do because, because, because, every time that this is happening, which is it will never happen again, I have been in a position of having to defend myself with everybody around me, from my circle of friends, family, everybody questioning me, and I have to bring the burden of proof. I have the burden of proof, and I'm calm, logical and correct and auditable. Okay? This is erratic, inappropriate behavior. It is inappropriate what happened last night at Matt and Jackie's that they would even withhold this information while we proceeded for hours. Yeah, but that's completely inappropriate. They're also they have a fiduciary responsibility. Here they are. Their family. Are limited partners in Haven ventures, one to the tune of $100,000

Speaker 1  10:29:46
excuse me, I love you. Go handle it. Call the lawyers. Do we have to do? And then call

Joseph Guzel  10:29:55
John? What's this about? Uh, workout classes and stuff from yesterday, and what was what was said, and be really detailed about what was said, if anything, with Amanda, when you went, when you saw her, when did you see her last? Didn't you see her at a workout class? Go,

Speaker 1  10:30:08
okay, I was supposed to go on Wednesday. I didn't go. But

Joseph Guzel  10:30:11
she and what? And what is it? And what is Ally said that Amanda has done. Let me

Speaker 1  10:30:16
say two things, don't touch his phone. So what Jackie said yesterday was wrong. John clarified it to you. Jackie was clearly in the reading. I think she just was. It's a game of telephone, like I'm saying things that

Joseph Guzel  10:30:32
maybe are different than what I will come with my career, in our livelihood. I know this is, do you not?

Speaker 2  10:30:37
I don't. I get it. You should be so mad. What do we do? That's what I'm trying to talk to you about. These people are insane. Come back, because I really don't this was like, workout thing that I'm supposed to be doing. And he was like, apparently you're supposed to go to a workout class with Will's girlfriend, and she was gonna talk to you about this. And I was like, oh, and said this, John told me this, and today, yeah. And I was like, oh, like, I honestly kind of brushed it off, because one man never invited me to it. I DM Jamie to go with her to it. So I was just kind of like, that's just stupid, and that's all. That's all where that went. No one's reached out to hang out with me like, you know, so that that just seems silly. And then what's the thing with Ally, when I got coffee with Amanda the last time, like, in, what, October, September, I guess when she was going to get before she was gonna before she was going to get coffee with me. Amanda was like, How's Ashley doing? And I thought that was kind of weird. And she was like, wanting to know how our relationship is. And Alex like, they're great. Oh, Ashley's great. So what I want to do is Alan to be like, if I had asked you anything about me and Joseph, they're doing amazing. Ash is great. They're happy. Like,

Joseph Guzel  10:32:03
oh, will, will brought something. Oh, I guarantee you and Ashley's relationships here I was like, me, my wife are fine. It's

Speaker 2  10:32:09
because you tell McLean we're gonna get a divorce, because you want to put you want him to, like, feel the stress of how this is impacting us, even though it's not, well,

Joseph Guzel  10:32:18
I made it clear. Well, yeah, because, because I was, because I was like, I was like, my wife, my wife has, you know, is seeming like, this is ridiculous, because I because he uses Christina, as I know, invite and, by the way, he on multiple occasions, which I have documented, and I have to physically do it has done things to benefit the amount of things that he has done, like with limited partners, prospective limited partners, literal things that he's supposed to be prioritizing, Haven, as a co founder and 5050, partner and just employee, he has done to the detriment of Haven, to benefit over water, like, for example, our current outstanding term sheet that is going to be signed, and where we're wiring a million dollars in which he completely railroaded and constructed a deal construct that benefits over water at one point, having the model, which I was like, Okay, let me Do this for him, because it's also in relation to New Mexico and our contacts there, and we're prospective limited partner for Haven too, to give her a markup, for example, to let her come in at a better cut, to let over water come in at a better cost basis, on a roundabout Haven. Yeah, I'm going to, yeah, well, they're about to be our lawyers family. I have to call Thomas cannon.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai