Speaker 1  12:07:08
Engagement ring in the same month, in July, yeah, proposed, proposed and started in August, started school in September, planned a wedding. Oh, yeah, dude, I'm like, What am I doing? Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:07:22
yeah, I think, I think, let's see it was, it was, let's see 2021, right, yeah. And then we're at 2025 and then yeah, it was so right around here, so 22

Speaker 1  12:07:37
and that's we committed. And we committed to you guys, and met in March of 22

Joseph Guzel  12:07:41
Yeah, dude, yeah, exactly. It was literally March of 22 march, march, march, march 20 March 22 right, commit. We started talking about it here, and I hadn't spun out, yeah, until here, right, right. So, right. This was the, this was fall of of 21 was when, was when you reached out, yeah? And I was like, you work at a family office? Yeah? All those times I partied with you. I didn't even, no, nor did I even know what a family office was when we first met.

Speaker 1  12:08:21
Yeah, you know what it was. It was will Edwards wedding in November of 21 that's

Joseph Guzel  12:08:25
right. God, that was November of 20 No, yeah, that's right,

Unknown Speaker  12:08:29
yeah, that's and we sat next to each other at dinner,

Joseph Guzel  12:08:33
but I've known you since 2012 oh, like 20, yeah, so I'd known you 10 years. I'm up. We're getting on the point where we've almost known each other longer than we haven't, like,

Unknown Speaker  12:08:44
it's kind of not, pretty incredible. Yeah. And then, and

Joseph Guzel  12:08:46
then, okay, I didn't close the fund until, until here, right fall of 23 Yeah, because in between here, We had 96,000 black swan events, right? Fuck, and then you then, yeah, you started

Speaker 1  12:09:13
I, I started grad school in August or September of 22 I got engaged in August of 22 got married in September of 23

Joseph Guzel  12:09:25
wedding, yeah, yeah. You started here. That means you were applying here, yeah? GMAT, yeah. And then,

Speaker 1  12:09:37
and then, really, like, honestly, the last year was crazy because, I mean, I'm in like, the second half of school, and it's just gotten to be an absolute bitch,

Joseph Guzel  12:09:49
you know, crazy is that you're the only person where it's like, when other folks would go do MBA, even part time, I would be like, oh, man, you're already done. Yet with you. It's like, it's never over. Well,

Speaker 1  12:10:08
I feel like, I feel like, that's because a lot, like, look at your timeline, we've been talking a ton throughout that time, and it's never been an, it's never been, not a crazy time. It wasn't until

Joseph Guzel  12:10:19
right yeah, it wasn't until right here that that's when, you know, ironically, this the communication lapse because of our respective lives. Like, yeah, and then,

Speaker 1  12:10:31
well, and honestly, like, in the last, so the last, the last six months, and I can just catch you up on all this, like, yeah, you know, I mean, I, last time we talked, I brought you up to speed on all the whole will Galvan stuff. And really,

Joseph Guzel  12:10:45
not really

Speaker 1  12:10:46
so well. So he went, he was out there and meeting with you guys. Well, he didn't go. He wasn't in your meeting. Yeah, that

Joseph Guzel  12:10:54
was, but that was from 2023

Speaker 1  12:10:58
that was, yeah, you're right. You're right. Okay, so, yeah. So basically, over like 24 months. So he started getting involved in January of 23 basically. And this was all, this was always kind of in the cards. I mean, Chris, Chris knew he wanted to, he was going to step step back at some point. And he's still the chairman, but he's kind of given the reins to will. And so, you know, two years ago he said, basically, you know, will like, I'm getting up there, and, you know, I want you to kind of figure out, like, if you want to do this, and, you know, go, figure out what court picks up to kind of thing. And so he spent basically the next two years with us, and the culmination of that was basically Matt retiring at the end of last year and us, so we actually just brought on a new CIO Sean, who you'll meet eventually. He's awesome. He came from b1 which is another single family office in Chicago. So he Sean was at court Creek seven years ago, and he left right before I joined. He was a director here right before I joined, and he left to go be the CIO at this other family office. And then through that time, I think he had kept in touch with will, and so will ended up bringing him back to be as the new CIO and dad.

Joseph Guzel  12:12:28
Chris is the son, or the other way around. Well,

Speaker 1  12:12:30
Chris is the dad. Will's the son. So will will basically hire Sean back, and obviously, like the whole family approved, and everything else, we went through a whole process of how old Sean, I think, is, like, don't quote me, but early 50s, I want to say

Joseph Guzel  12:12:50
how old is, how old is,

Speaker 1  12:12:51
or late, late, late 40s will is, right around 40, yeah, like 3038, somewhere like, something like that. And so, you know, Sean started in January, and basically, up until this point, really what we've been doing is one, figuring out on the public side of the portfolio, like, who are the who are the people we want to keep in the portfolio, because that's the easiest stuff to move around. Two is developing the go forward strategy, which we still haven't, like, fully flushed out yet, but I think it's stuff we've been talking about. And, you know, I think for us, it's being more than just like a capital provider. I think Sean's mentality is much more on the networking front, much more in the partnership front, much more on, like, depth of relationship. He wants to be the first phone call like we are, you know, and that's the type of partner he wants. And I think Gorky, because, you know, maybe not done as much of that in the past. You know, you and I have that relationship, but it's, let's be honest, it's not been like at the forefront of our strategy, which, honestly, and it's, it's,

Joseph Guzel  12:14:11
it's a shame that it hasn't been, because I have to tell you, I placed Conor crown on the board of Hamza, right? Yeah. Now the crowns are incredibly invested in that company. They were instrumental in the background while I was, you know, literally at times, arguing with Jamie Dimon last September, the big dark and the stupid Greek. Here's a here's actually something. I dare you to find a Greek person who's ever worked a day in their life. Find me one. Find me one. Find me. Find me one that is so right. I actually, I think isa might be Greek, okay, I think it's all just a big facade all this Palestinian

Speaker 1  12:14:59
Yeah, so that's hilarious.

Joseph Guzel  12:15:03
Yeah, they helped us land. Jpm,

Speaker 1  12:15:06
yeah, yeah. So like, you know, I think he, he's looking at the portfolio, saying, Look, we have way too many relationships, which is true. We have, we just did the math. We have 75 private, private investment relationships. And over, you know, over 140 funds, and that's just on the private side. And it's like, okay, how do you really know the companies? How can you help? How can you help? How can you how can we help you through our network and vice versa, when we have exposure to 3000 companies, and he's coming in with this fresh perspective of saying, you know, this whole endowment model is kind of broken, in the sense that people have just over diversified because of this proliferation of funds. And we're not alone in this issue, but I think he wants to get away from that. He wants to concentrate the portfolio and into a small number of relationships where we're deep partners and and you know, a lot more than capital providers, and we can help you leverage our portfolio just as much as we can yours. So it's just kind of that partnership mentality.

Joseph Guzel  12:16:14
I mean, it's, I think you guys should really, and I don't know how it is with, with y'all with, like, Chicago is tight, you know, it's one of the reasons why I love them, like, love the city, and it's like seeing what's, seeing what's been happening, like, there's Connor's just, like will, from what I can muster, just from this, you know, Connor's, Connor's, how old are you? You're 35 right? Or 3430 3333 Yeah. He's literally your age, okay? He's, you know, the new Bruce Wayne. He lives in LA. I see him every fucking week, you know, and he

Speaker 1  12:16:52
was the guy we try you, you put us in touch, I think. And then, and then I, I think he had been in LA, I never heard from him, but I need to, I need to, well,

Joseph Guzel  12:17:02
he was getting married for like, so he had a jacked up year. I came in and, you know, we just hit it off. Like, I felt like I was just talking to you, you know, and, yes, working on expanse, which, like, clearly the crowns are the crowns for reasons other than which I didn't appreciate, reasons other than just, like, General Dynamics and stuff which I didn't even know that they own that stuff, right? Yeah, yeah. It's like, oh God, they are Wayne Enterprises, right? Chicago's Gotham the crowns are the Waynes. And then he's Bruce, I guess, right? And so I'm Morgan Freeman, yeah, right. And, and, and, and so the way that they set up their kind of succession system is so fascinating, where, like, you have to really go through, like, a dark night kind of gauntlet to to get a seat at the table alone. And like, he was going through the insecurities of that, like we were friends, you know, now, like, like, really, and, yeah, he came in very similar to will. And it's like, realize that, you know, he he needed to make some changes, and he did, and that, like, rocked his boat, and then he was trying to, he was also just equally having a hard time fundraising, like he had to go really fundraise for this thing, and I convinced him to do Hamza, which was totally out of his wheelhouse, like, in terms of stage and stuff, and it's made all the difference. He's there in the boardrooms not because he should be as he's not a director. I put him there so he can learn and get the exposure. So do it like a mentor mentee thing. And, yeah, it's been, it's been, like, one of the best business relationships that I've gotten in the last, like, however, many years, and very unassuming, and he's just, and it's, uh, that's cool, and what, and what Will's doing. It's like that. He's probably got the same got the same, you know, he won't see the same stuff. And it's, right, yeah, exactly. That's

Speaker 1  12:18:55
a and it's, it's more, it's like, how do we transition from an office of like, you know, with the with the primary goal of capital preservation, of course, with a little bit of growth mindset, to an office that has largely preserved that capital for the family that is now ready for a bit more growth and able to handle that, and that comes with, you know, a little bit more concentration. And

Joseph Guzel  12:19:18
what's what? What's more, what's more. They're all the same. He's got the same problem, like expanse, isn't they? They run it like a skunk works that's the fascinating thing. You don't go raise a $500 million quantum fund, you raise a $15 million quantum fund, yeah, and, and because, because we can't hedge and so, like, any Skunk Works project is, like, is, is the same way. So like, expanse is a $13 million thing.

Speaker 1  12:19:51
And that sits within the crown family office. That is any

Joseph Guzel  12:19:56
dotted line. Yeah, interesting, yeah. And so, if he had, he had a fee one, he had to do it as part of, like, the dynastic succession to be like, Is it him or this guy and Connor's one? He's it, right, yeah, and Hamza made sure of that, because that math I sent you is a I would get fired if I was at an investment bank, which they helped me do that math, right? And if I presented that egregious of a haircut, hams is worth $5 billion right? Yeah. So,

Speaker 1  12:20:28
yeah. So, give me, give me the quick on that, on the on the round, and the timing, because I know that's it's kind of a quick,

Joseph Guzel  12:20:34
well, well, it kind of goes back to everything else. It was not a quick thing in the driver's seat. The problem, the problem's been, how on earth, if you look at my portfolio, which, what do you think? Let's see. Here's a reserves model for you. Let's see a lot of companies, but actually the right amount of companies for what we constructed, right? $46 million fund, right?

Speaker 1  12:21:04
Yeah, reserves. Can you zoom in a little? Yeah?

Joseph Guzel  12:21:07
Sure. Yeah. Thank you, yep. So, yeah, this was 2022, right? Yeah, here is Chicago Booth right. Here is fund is closing. Here is Hamza pay coming into the portfolio, which I'd actually did two years earlier, right at the cost basis, right, right? That's about to be 5.4 4 million in or less, if you depending on what you guys want to do. But we own 8.9% of that. I dollar cost average beautifully. And we're board directors. It's about to be valued at 250 post in two weeks. But I marked it up to the median between the 85 and the 250 conservatively. So, right? So that's going to look even better. SOC, I own those assets now this now the 2022 cohort is going to start matriculating out, because some of these have been, you know, in the portfolio for quite a while now, right? We're on the fourth year deployment I did exactly like you wanted me to, which was, pace myself, right? Yeah, you said you should take four to five years to do it and then raise another 50. And what did I write in that goddamn memo? Right? So,

Speaker 1  12:22:29
it's, it's, it's, Hey, was I? Was I wrong about the timing of it? I mean, look at, look at the inflection points that are happening with some of these companies the right time. Well,

Joseph Guzel  12:22:38
yeah. I mean, well, this isn't the only Hamza. So Hamza, Hamza will be doing 500 million of run rate by the end of this year. We ssnc is a short we won by by right now the public markets, is it to over here yet? No, the are, there are trades clearing and settling on Hamza as we speak, right now, factually, right? Yeah, by, by August, we'll be doing all of it. So it turned out what was non consensus, even to me about Hamza and why guys like Matt Harris and Lee Fixel and John Korngold and all these guys are actually like, they're like, baffled by it, and they, I know these guys right. And Matt Harris in particular, he like, he thinks I might be lying about it, because he can't believe what we did. Only a guy that sold fruit in a box, and then listen to everything that I said, and us both being so desperate, and me having so much conviction, because I screwed, because me and will and Ben, we screwed up all this stuff in the early 2000 10s, when we were adding to it, living the swift and Chip and PIN transition, like this is like this, I remember Ben, like, literally messing this stuff up, like, like, so we just, we were too young, and I, and I, I saw the patterns again. Is what it is, yeah, and, and, and so that that business is, is not only like, forget ssnc, like we this was supposed to be a $20 million bookings contract and $4 million of revenue. They increased it 50 fold or 40 fold, that these are conversations I never imagined that we'd be having, where this these are, these are MSAs that are increasing being red lined this went to the Jamie level security services. What I didn't realize? Dude, I didn't realize that JP Morgan is the third leg of the stool for State Street and for for New York bank of Mellon. Like they are a custodian. They are a backstop. I didn't realize, I sincerely didn't realize this. And so we have 100 we're about to have 100% of the economies, money markets, mutuals and ETFs, JP, Morgan services, every other bank, right? If they're the Olympus gods, who's down? It's everybody. So that's free distribution. They do this today, right? Where does so? We're the system of record now,

Speaker 1  12:25:21
yeah, that's So how big is this contract with JP contract?

Joseph Guzel  12:25:27
The contract with JP Morgan is I sent you that data room, right?

Unknown Speaker  12:25:32
No. So actually, I think I texted the LinkedIn come through.

Joseph Guzel  12:25:35
Oh, sorry, here right now I have, oh, you'll be very pleased. And then you'll see all the time that I have to do things like this discounted cash flows analysis that's for you, fun. So actually, I could show to you right here. Let me pull up the Here you go.

Joseph Guzel  12:25:59
Can you see that? Yeah, yeah. So let's see. Got the assumptions. So, I got the comp sets for you. Like, I always said Publix, like, Brandon deer was very helpful, knowing him with this, right?

Unknown Speaker  12:26:18
Yeah, I just, I just caught up with him, actually, like, this week. What's the difference between

Joseph Guzel  12:26:22
UI, path and service? Now

Unknown Speaker  12:26:25
they're the same thing. Yeah, I would say I couldn't tell you bill

Joseph Guzel  12:26:28
McDermott's blind, and he's doing so much better, because this is so true, right? Which is one of them has a system of record, the other one doesn't? There you go, yeah, in a world where my mom can code a horizontal database with broken English for free, because code is free. In the absence of that, where does the value accrue in this point in the paradigm, right? It's in the nuanced, verticalized data sets and those that are able to keep them captive. So this is the forecast here.

Speaker 1  12:27:02
You're saying they're going to grow from two on roughly 2.1 million of revenue at the end of this year to 500 million at the end of

Joseph Guzel  12:27:11
29 these are signed five to 10 year contracts with kickers, and we are, we will be implemented as their accounting system for the entire bank by August. Yeah, that's not something you just take out, right? And it turned out what the thing that I was non consensus and right about on a from a product perspective, which rarely happens for me because distribution leads, product was blockchain, like I was right about that, but not because of crypto. Obviously, like I always said, it was because it's about cloud penetration. The banks aren't cloud penetrated. That's all. That's all that happened. Like, yeah, the GFC happened, the banks consolidated at the same time, the iPhone happened, which is just cloud this is just cloud penetration. Yeah, so you could draw a curve that would go inverse, right where you see, we get more cloud penetrate. Now, everything's cloud penetrated. That's why you can have AI, except for the financial services market, which is 25% global GDP. So, so when, when things are clearing and settling at this speed, or you can sell forward flow at that speed, that's why you spend your morning ideating about buying a reinsurer, like I just did. Yeah, yeah, that's where Gore Creek comes in, and that's what you guys need to be doing with us, right? Because I just bought an accounting firm. Also, did you Yeah? And yeah? Guess what? I'm the only VC on planet Earth. This is a fact. Have your people look it up that built QuickBooks Online and ran M and A for it and all this stuff. And I never did an accounting or tax thing ever, and I'm the only one that then just did FinTech before it was FinTech as an investor, first in just this section, early stage, as it grew. Why has nobody called me to ask me for my opinion on it? It's almost like I might know something. And then, why did I buy an accounting firm this time? Interesting. Why did I pay what John Klein said was a whatsapp multiple for it, because I didn't have access to credit options. Yeah, credit fund, right? So, so, yeah, so here's Hamza's, here's the here's the DCF. This thing is, is, is literally worth 2.6 billion. Andrew westergand, mine and Will's old boss, if you remember, he's CFO visa. Now he's being Haven. He's we're about to sign visa as well to power all USDC, which is just called money for them, it's an existential crisis for them that takes us to every consumer phone, because data, money is data now, right? And so we own 8% of this. Let me remind you, and we're $46 million fund. I did good. That's just one dude.

Speaker 1  12:29:59
That's that's a congratulations on that. That's to you. It's amazing.

Joseph Guzel  12:30:04
Congrats to you, like all this is, and I am still on the director seat. I've got trip Fay, our old mine, and Will's old colleague on the board as well that I put as an advisor. I've got Connor crown on the board right, and the Crown family investing. I've got graycroft doubling down again with Dana settle, who co founded it. This is exactly like what happened with chime where, like, it was just, it's they've Matt Harris doesn't is just now getting this and he coined the term fintech. Then I was right, and and we won. We won the distribution because Microsoft doesn't have this data. Google doesn't have this data, but AI doesn't have this data. Last I checked that's there's a lot of equity and enterprise value and data right now, especially data that other people don't have, right? And this is the last great data set. And blockchain is copy paste, special formulas values on chain, and it lets you fix all the bullshit without it breaking. That's what always, what I what I got. It's just a fucking database. So, yeah, so I was right. And then, and then you see, like our average ownership is, is, I had all this math down here, but our average ownership is about 15% Yeah. And then we are sitting at 8383 point 19% invested to reserved. But this doesn't count for recycling. And we're going to start recycling. I think I'll have recycling kicking within the next six to eight months, through um, through uh, elixir, which this one won as well. I'm building a bunch of these, this little protocol one that was always my thing. I'm going to do some of these, like small chip shots, the right ones, and then I'll recycle fees quicker. And then yeah, and all the other ones are great, yeah. But tree bow, like Pico, these ones here. These are what I was just doing where this is because of Hamza. This is because of Hamza. This one down here is because of Hamza right. Distribution leads products. So we have, we have a direct line into tradfi. Now we power, we're going to be powering everything right and so, yeah, that's just awesome. It's awesome and so and so, the what happened within the chime days was like simple that sold to BBVA, in hindsight, was the model that was correct, and that's why I pivoted chime from one debit to China. Now, Chimes is zero. I think China is a literal zero. It's done. Yeah. Are you serious? Well, let me ask you this. How do you charge an interchange fee on data? I don't know. And if I don't know, nobody knows, right?

Speaker 1  12:33:01
So then they have, have they marked that down, or what? Like?

Joseph Guzel  12:33:06
I don't Well, I don't know if crossing will be in business, wow, for the same reasons why you're looking at your portfolio, I don't think there's a market for the Sandhill Road looks a lot like Century City right now to me, and I think, and where we're at right now, in my head is I'm Howard Marks, and I'm starting oak tree like, that's what I'm doing, but it's just going to look different. And, yeah, and I can't hedge, right? And, and I constructed this better than any cross link fund in recent memory, minus fund seven, which was 174 million. But I modeled it to that almost to a T just divided by two out to one

Unknown Speaker  12:33:51
scan. Man, I mean, it definitely feels

Joseph Guzel  12:33:56
we're top decile on every metric. Yeah,

Speaker 1  12:33:58
well, and it's, it's, it's like, it's nice talking to you, because it's, it's, it feels like you're confident about investments you've made and the way you've constructed, and it's been thoughtful from the beginning. So I just commend you on that. That's Thank you, that's been, that's, honestly, I think, going to be a huge driver of the fundraising fund to in this future. You know, success in the business for sure. I mean, you, like I said the very beginning, a couple of years ago, like, one thing I learned a ton about joining Gore Creek, and then I will take away forever. Is like when building a business like you really have to set up the infrastructure and do things the right way from day one. And if you're not thoughtful about all these decisions from day one, then you run into the huge issues on day 536

Joseph Guzel  12:34:47
you know? And so which I'm having Doug, right? Like, there were, you don't give me that much credit. Don't give me that much credit. Like, I look, I did the thing that the only thing that matters is I did this right here, and it's only going to keep getting better. Sincerity. Like, like, yeah, this.

Speaker 1  12:35:03
This was a great update, by the way. The the letters have gotten better and

Joseph Guzel  12:35:07
better. I'm sorry it was so long, you know, no, no, no, no, no, we, I

Speaker 1  12:35:11
really, actually appreciate this way more than the opposite.

Joseph Guzel  12:35:15
I like, I like to publish things like the capital markets guy, I always wanted to do that, like, I know, because I, I that's how I kind of think about this stuff.

Speaker 1  12:35:27
I mean, yeah, read, how you read Howard Marks letters, you know, I

Joseph Guzel  12:35:30
copy them. I copied them. Like everything, all the nerdiest venture guys are Howard Marks fans, not Warren Buffett fans. Yeah, but, but the Yeah, like all of you tell me, all these bonds are good, like they all pay 5% you know, it's so, it's like, I can't hedge so in the and I can't take this off. I can only put it on. So that's how I think about reserves and stuff as well. But yeah, anyways, I It's, it's, it's it feels good, like it feels good, that it's good. And we got a lot more man, every set is these are all real businesses. That's the other thing. That's the other thing. Like, I don't the ones that I tout here, they don't need another dollar venture, and it's not because they're AI bullshit. I didn't do any of that because I knew that it was stupid, because it's too early. Now I'm going to start doing a lot of socks. The next fund has to be a lot of socks and chimes, because you don't get chime and no vote and step and these ones first, like I did by just doing one, like, I'm not that fucking I'm not that smart and I'm not a good picker, right? Like nobody is. So it's time to do the application layer, and then lean on that distribution of Hamza and then do series A's as a small fund. Because what did the 400 million and $500 million funds like the one I just spun out from all show us? Yeah, they show us that they are not in that business. They are not in that business period,

Speaker 1  12:37:17
yeah, so you feel so, yeah. I mean, so the hums is going to drive a lot of the thesis and fun too, is what you're saying around the application layer. And going slightly later in stage, because, is that just because, like the businesses at that stage are a bit more proven, or is that? Well,

Joseph Guzel  12:37:40
let's see, I let's see. I'm about to be cutting a two and a half million dollar check. That's closing imminently, right? For 17.24% ownership. Are there any other funds in any of these businesses? In fact? Are there any other funds that came in as, like the majority co lead? I stopped doing that very quickly in 2022 when I realized what was happening. No, I'm taking venture risk because that's all I can do. I cannot hedge, right? So, why would I hedge? Why would I give up ownership? Why would I give up one of the variables that I can control when I can't hedge and I can't take the risk off, right? It doesn't make sense. So, so if I could hedge, it could, it would make a lot of sense. And then from first principles, like, if you you can't call yourself a thematic investor or sector focus. If I'm, I'm the only person that's done what I've done. So that's not to say that I'm going to be right all the time, but if I'm first principled, I have a good shot, which is leaning into the distribution. Hamza will own the distribution as the system of record into tradfi. Now imagine, imagine you don't solve healthcare by solving healthcare through government, because we've seen that that doesn't work. You What if you change the nature of risk, right? So your your money's data now, so that means transactions clear and settle at the speed of unlocking your iPhone or refreshing your Chrome browser, because you will have a direct relationship with the cloud and the bank, which we don't have today. What does that mean? Then that means the whole tam is going to increase precipitously, but also it implies that just like you couldn't you couldn't have Uber before this, right? There's going to be new physics of FinTech that should have been possible but were constrained due to lack of cloud penetration. And that's going to look like all the obvious things I've been dreaming about for 15 years that I already know the answers to, like self insuring, allowing businesses to self insure themselves by doing a read write, captive stripe as a captive right? Nobody has lost more money in insurance than me. I'm the most losing is of all time in insurance and fintech infrastructure. I was right this time, because I lost so much before, and imagine if you can do like what I just did for my father in law as a test, billion dollar waste management business, non unionized in Glendale. Great Business. Waste Management looks a lot like Stripe or old folks homes. A lot of stuff comes in at the top, two to 5% net comes out at the bottom, no matter what you do, right? Yeah, like, there's a lot of businesses like that, right? Okay, well, what do you think they're big? What? What are the variable costs in businesses like that that are actually really fixed costs? Well, if it's old folks homes. It's fire insurance, because the old lady set things on fire, right? And that's usually bundled with something like workers comp. Why? Because they don't have read, write, they can't, they can't, they can't underwrite you. Your phone is underwriting you right? Now, I just got underwritten. Send me to a reinsurer, right? Yeah, yeah. So it's an API, and then it allows you to then take that risk. And what can you do with risk? You know, better than anybody, risk is an asset. If it's collateralized, securitized, yeah, you can lend against it. You can change the banking system, visa. This is the low hanging fruit, right? What? Yeah, an 80% loss ratio book is really what it's a 20% bond. Yeah. You know something else interesting I invest in inception stage C corpse for living Doug. I've never been asked for a referral for D and O insurance in my whole life. Is that weird?

Unknown Speaker  12:41:50
Yeah. Why is that I Why

Joseph Guzel  12:41:51
is that I've been deposed for companies I've never had a claim. That's interesting. So I went to Epic. They think that those are 80% bonds. I think Apollo would like to buy those bonds. I think Gore Creek would like to buy those bonds. So that's what pico is doing.

Unknown Speaker  12:42:09
Interesting. Interesting.

Joseph Guzel  12:42:11
And I'll sell them straight up through Hamza, and only I'll be able to do that when I Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:42:19
all right, this is, this is cool,

Joseph Guzel  12:42:20
yeah, this is, yeah, man, that's why it's it all. I'll never be right like this again, and I won't have to be because they're too obvious. The answers are obvious. It'll be like, you know, Airbnb is a good idea, because it's all the obvious. Things are gonna

Speaker 1  12:42:37
this. This deal cannot happen at a better time. It sounds like, I mean, yeah, seriously.

Joseph Guzel  12:42:42
Think about that. It's, it's very Chicago, too. That's what's so cool, because it's like, it's all the it's all of it's time for the oak tree, kind of Pimco, kind of like it. And all I'm spending time on now is insurance, because you can't make money on data. The David Sacks did not carry the Durbin amendment over into crypto. Nobody's talking about that. My whole career was built on Durbin arbitrage. That's so, yeah, so chime is a zero. You have no, make no mistake about it, it's done. So crossings done. Did you have any area? Very little. But also, yeah, but also it's, you know, even with, even, even without it, they had no succession. Now, Gabby and Phil have never had a return. I have so many evil eyes on my back. Doug, like, because, because it just turned out that I did well. Like, and so many of our peers just have never had returns.

Speaker 1  12:43:45
Yeah, that's crazy. That's crazy. That's awesome, man, that that's a good, like, overview of the thesis. I definitely want we we owe each other a long catch up. I owe you. I know you

Joseph Guzel  12:43:58
have to run. Yeah. Are you around later this week? Or what's the

Speaker 1  12:44:02
Yeah, like, I think Friday I'm around. Let me, let me just double check when I get back to my desk. But Friday, I'm working from home, so I'm around,

Joseph Guzel  12:44:09
yeah, or, honestly, man, I'll fly out to you next week and have, like, a real sit down, yeah? So

Speaker 1  12:44:16
I'm actually Megan, and I are going with her family to London next week, on Wednesday, for a family wedding. So I'll fly

Joseph Guzel  12:44:24
out to London and I'll get married in his bed. Like you

Speaker 1  12:44:29
know, what's funny that I get to do is, so there, so we're going to this wedding, and it's gonna be awesome. It's like, outside the city. And then I would get to fly back on Sunday, because I have school on Monday and Tuesday,

Speaker 2  12:44:44
school and and Megan. Megan and her family are going to Croatia for the

Joseph Guzel  12:44:49
oh, man, I have a lot of Croatia Rex, by the way. Oh,

Speaker 1  12:44:54
I bet. I mean, I let me, let me see if they need any restaurants, because I know she was doing a bunch of research for it last night. Are you a dad?

Joseph Guzel  12:45:05
What are you dad now? No,

Speaker 1  12:45:06
no, yeah, I'm finished. I'm finished up school. We're

Joseph Guzel  12:45:10
gonna I must wait now, yeah, I think because will is the size of two dads stuck together. Now,

Unknown Speaker  12:45:18
have you, have you met Liam? Have you met Liam? Yet? Not

Joseph Guzel  12:45:21
yet, but he looks like a little, little badass. He's awesome, man. It's so funny.

Speaker 1  12:45:27
But, but, yeah. So anyways, we're, I'm like, Alright, let's finish school up. We're in the market for a house right now. We're trying to hopefully move out to the suburbs the next six months or so. Yeah, so just, things are good, but just busy. I

Joseph Guzel  12:45:47
need to get out to Chicago to see everybody. And I need to I, and I also have a family member that moved there from Romania. I need to see. I know anybody in architecture, random, but, like, I might need to call in a favor there.

Unknown Speaker  12:46:04
Yeah, let me, let me see. But dude, come to plan a trip for June,

Joseph Guzel  12:46:10
and I'm going to be out early June, so, like, in May is when I have to go there custom. Berkman is getting married, and I gotta figure this stuff out, man, because, like, it's, it's so ironic that that this is, like, I kind of like, knew this was going to happen, more or less, just because I have a lot of history with McLean and like, I was still giving him the benefit of the doubt. He's, it's his life changed so much that I think, like so much else changed. He didn't used to live physically with Larry and Lucy, you know, for for as one example, right? He does now he, has been since we started Haven Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:46:52
wow. Wait, why is that?

Joseph Guzel  12:46:56
You, I don't know. Like when he was getting divorced, he had a really slow roll divorce, and then at the same time he was getting serious with Christina, she got pregnant. This is all 2022, and then next thing, you know, he's, I liken it to the Truman Show. It really is The Truman Show. It's like, it's, it's the illusion of, of of normalcy, you know, yeah, like, and they go through great efforts to do that. And it's kind of just, he's just disassociated entirely and, and he was already always a lazy, like, a lazy guy relative, but not like this. And certainly is

Speaker 1  12:47:41
he's, is he's, is he still, like, involved, like, what? What's like, he's still

Joseph Guzel  12:47:44
involved in and, dude, I've had bouts where Doug, like you're a friend, I've been like fighting for my life here because he he has done everything to try to basically turn me into an indentured servant here with this key man clause that I actually think He did incorrectly or maliciously, to change it to from a double trigger to Single, single trigger. This is my life's work, you know, and I built everything about this was me, and I never had any problem with the 5050, ownership, because that was, that was my choice, because it was the only way I could hold him accountable, yeah, and hold myself accountable, right? And so like, you're supposed to have these problems when

Speaker 1  12:48:34
everything it's alignment of interest, right? Yeah, yeah, when everything

Joseph Guzel  12:48:37
sucks and not when everything's good. And I think, like, he resents me, to be honest, man, I think he just resents me that I I'm good. And I keep saying, like I'm not cocky. It's like, I won't be, maybe I won't be this good again, like, whatever. But like, you know, we'll make a lot of money on this, and make the LPS a lot of money. And like, I just want to build the institution I set out on building. He doesn't he. He wants to do everything in his power to stop me from doing what I think we should do, even though the whole thesis is me, and I'm 100% of the attribution, 100% of the board responsibilities, which I take, board responsibilities on everything, because I build these businesses, zero to one so that i 3am nights have been a constant for four years. He hasn't made an effort to institutionalize. He's blocked hires incessantly. I don't have an EA Doug, I don't have an associate, I don't have an analyst, and I'm producing every piece of content you've ever seen has been me. Every single deal is me, structured by me, managed by me. And this is all provable in consensus, because I have everything recorded, basically, because, how can I take notes? You know? So, so it's it last year, I would have caught it. I would have caught it last year, if it wasn't for this, right? Yeah, yeah. And I don't know what to do, because I, I, he was only 10 million I was effectively the rest. And, you know, and Ashley and I, you know, I was playing for this fun too, to just at least get my life to a level of like I can start a family, you know? Yeah, I was living in an Airbnb until last year. Man, yeah, no, I know that. So I don't know what to do other than, other than figure out what you guys think I should do here. I I want to continue freaking working here. I don't know whether I should call it Haven or what, but I also I'm worried that he's going to screw up everything here. Yeah, he's too stupid. Honestly, Doug, like, he's, he's, he's so much more foolish with this than I could possibly realize. Like,

Unknown Speaker  12:51:21
yeah, I think

Joseph Guzel  12:51:26
it's terrible. And then, and then one more thing I'll say Doug is what, what I didn't appreciate, too, is like, because everybody's so desperate and doing so poorly, right? He gets leverage in places that I can't even fathom, because everybody wants something from him, and they assume that he can give it to them.

Speaker 1  12:51:48
They assume, yeah, well, that was, that was part of the, you know, edge of bringing him in and partnering with him in the first place was like his network and his ability to leverage connections and drive value. From that standpoint,

Joseph Guzel  12:52:02
he he has, he has in places, but not nothing, nothing that has been accretive when it, when it comes to running the business, he's a nightmare. He doesn't communicate, he doesn't participate. He hasn't made an effort to do the work of being a co owner of an asset management business. When it comes to exactly what we had him doing at crosslink, which is we need you exactly to take Hamza to Dubai and introduce him to these five people. Fantastic. However, he doesn't want to just lean into that. I've tried everything like, where it's like, like, please take over the brand. Like, like, like, do the things that I would seemingly be uncomfortable with. And he can't. He can't stand it because he needs to feel like he is a seasoned investor, which it makes no sense to he's 43 years old, or something. I've been working with him for 10 years. And the gas lighting and the lack of benefit of the doubt, I've spent, like most of my time, trying to convince him about shit that's just like consensus like this is how a fund audit should go. One it shouldn't take five months. Like any he doesn't believe that I know what I'm talking about, even though this is my third rodeo building to fund really not my first, right? So it's, it's, it's, it's been impossible. And, yeah, it's been impossible, yeah,

Speaker 1  12:53:39
what? Um, yeah. You know, candidly, I've never, like, dealt directly with, you know, something like this. I mean, we've had situations in the past with, you know, GPS, not, you know, working out. And I don't, I'm not trying to imply or insinuate that that is where it's at. And I hope that, well, I apply, I honestly hope that, like, there's obviously more to say. You guys are much closer to the situation and

Joseph Guzel  12:54:15
it's it, but you've known me a long time. Doug, like, it just it. He's, it's, it has not gotten better, and I've sincerely tried everything. Yeah, you know, a patient, Kai, you know, yeah, what, what does,

Speaker 1  12:54:30
what's the rest of the did you talk? I assume you talked to like the other ELPAC guys, like the crowns, and if

Joseph Guzel  12:54:39
the crowns aren't in fund one. But, I mean, look, he the, I'm almost glad we never formalized a meeting or the ELPAC, which we might need to like, with the exception of you and Liam and Richard rock, like, think about it, Eric chin is desperate, right? And so he will align with coup on anything, because, as he proved like that he just did when McClain tried to bum rush me with a mediation session after defaming me, actually? What? Oh, dude, I You have no idea where I could I don't want to take it down that rabbit hole. But, like, remember, I'm dealing with somebody with actual unlimited resources, like Larry has 11% of Google point one, one times alphabets, market cap is what I'm dealing with, right?

Speaker 1  12:55:29
Wow. Okay, yeah, maybe we'll talk about this on another Yeah, it's, it's, we should talk on Friday. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:55:36
it's not, it's not, yeah, it's, it's, look, it's nothing's like, all the way there, but like, you can't throw around key man and all this kind of stuff, and that there isn't going to be a haven too, and take the super admin on the Google keep me from hiring folks so that I can't raise a fund to

Speaker 1  12:55:57
what? Yeah, and I guess, I guess maybe, like, you've obviously thought a lot about this, but like, what is, what my question would be, like, what does he exactly want out of this firm, what are his goals, and why aren't they aligned with yours? If

Joseph Guzel  12:56:12
I knew what they were, I would have solved for them like i The biggest issue is, is trying to figure out what he wants. What he wants is, it's ephemeral, right? It's not just it's not just respect. It's not just this he, it's, it's, he doesn't he has no clue what he wants. He doesn't have any responsibility. His whole fixed cost is taken care of. So he got a 600% raise doing this. I got a 600% pay cut, right? He's done 0% of the work. He's gotten all of these accolades that I tried to bestow because I tried that too, right? I was like, Let's make him feel good, right? And he's put in absolutely zero effort. I think he's he just doesn't work, like he doesn't work. He's always a blocker. And it hasn't even helped me to make better investment decisions. It's actually just made me miss good ones like Will's company, for example, because I can't. The laws of physics are such that there's only so much time in the day, and I'm a human being, right, where I couldn't physically do these things. Like, it's cost us money, opportunity and social relationships that I've been spending my whole life earning, yeah and and, yeah, yeah. And so, like, like, he like, either way, look like, to be tactical. There was no way I was going to continue on with him as an equal partner, and we've been clear about that now he but his goal, just like any villain, they tell you exactly what their plan is, right? His goal is just super clear he's going to be a malicious blocker in allowing me to continue forward with what I've built here, which is

Speaker 1  12:58:01
you guys have already had the conversation that You're not going to continue as equal partners.

Joseph Guzel  12:58:10
Oh, yeah. Well, he, for him, he's what his whole thing is. There's not going to be a haven too, right? What? But what there is, what in his mind, what, what there is going to be is, we hire a CFO to manage the portfolio and see he doesn't

Speaker 1  12:58:28
know, like, manage it, manage it out, and then just the business goes away. That's

Joseph Guzel  12:58:32
not how this works. And it's like, that is not how this works, right? What does

Speaker 1  12:58:36
he want to do after that? Once you hire a CFO, he wants

Joseph Guzel  12:58:40
to get his 300k or whatever a year for the next six years, and he wants to do exactly what he's doing now, which is literally nothing, and be able to say that he's a managing partner at parties. This isn't the I'm not exaggerating, and so that, like, had we been more diligent about the ELPAC meetings and stuff, he would have solved some of these huge gaps in the LPA, and, you know, it would have, because it's

Speaker 2  12:59:11
all also what it would have been, it would have been, it's all reasonable, well,

Speaker 1  12:59:17
it also would have been, you know, I think having more formalized discussions with that small group of LPs like, you know, your ELPAC would have maybe brought more of these issues to light in real in real time, but

Joseph Guzel  12:59:33
somebody had to do the work at the end of the day, and there's not just one person here. Like the work is such, where we always should have had more people from day one. That was a mistake that we made. Like, if you can't, you can't do this without 18 hours a day focused on this. And you see how meticulous I was about this. Yeah, this doesn't happen by accident, obviously, right? And he's not running the business to allow us to and there's no he's not participating in at all. He is combative, or he's be has plenty of time to be deflecting, you know, but

Speaker 1  13:00:21
so it wouldn't be, and I'm still just processing this, but I'm sure we have a lot more to talk about who I did this, but like, Have you thought about I mean, it's definitely not something you want to, like, bring to the investor, like, work out with the investors, but

Joseph Guzel  13:00:44
I need to protect that. I need to protect the portfolio. So here's what happened. Actually, Gore Creek gave us a bit of a gift, I realized, and we'll see if it pans out, which because, again, he's constantly threatening the key man. This is like, this is just daily occurrence. I forget the

Speaker 1  13:01:01
key man. The key man is, if he is, if he

Joseph Guzel  13:01:06
destruction, if he doesn't get what he wants, which is to subdue me and and block me from doing another fund for no reason other than he wants me to do 100% of the work until he's satisfied and get 50% of the benefit which he's getting. Then

Speaker 1  13:01:23
he can leave. Then he's threatening to leave, and once,

Joseph Guzel  13:01:26
once he's gotten through whatever the heck he wants to get through. He doesn't want to leave. He doesn't need to do anything. You see, he lives physically with Larry and Lucy. Yeah,

Speaker 1  13:01:38
I just, I was just asking, like, how, what's, what is, how is he leveraging the key man in that way? Well,

Joseph Guzel  13:01:44
it's a single trigger. And so somewhere, somewhere in November of 2023, around the time we were filing coupe, which I'm hypothesizing, but I'm not pointing fingers. Is that this was potentially malicious? Or, like there, there was, I missed something here, and the whole malaise of it all right? Where your guys' MFN, right then triggered them to change something on their MFN. Then McClain took that opportunity I didn't realize or appreciate, but certainly didn't, wasn't verbally communicated, right, to change the the language on the on the key man from a both of us for from both to either right, double trigger to single trigger, yeah. And so part, part of that implies, with with these things, is if one of us isn't dedicating a esoteric amount of time that is considered esoterically significant to the management of the fund, which, clearly I am, even with five people here I am. He's not right. Then that is cause for the single trigger. Now his family is 10 million of the 46 you know, and most of the other relationships are me, however, how many folks want to side against Larry potentially, I don't know, right?

Unknown Speaker  13:03:18
Yeah, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  13:03:20
So one leads me to this,

Speaker 1  13:03:22
yeah, one thing that came to mind and just for you to chew on. And you know, I don't, I want to be careful here, because this is, this is obviously a serious situation between the two of you. And, you know, I'm obviously your friend and but also, in this context, I need to be a fiduciary, and I'm trying to, as well say, putting my putting my Gore Creek hat on. It's, you know, obviously something that I think clearly like it's come a long way. You've exhausted a lot of options. So I don't want to insinuate that you haven't, but we have seen in the past, there have been a couple of examples of groups that raise a fund one and there are co GPS, and the personalities just don't jive, and they decide to go their separate ways with one GP, keeping the exposure and the brand name of the firm, with the portfolio still under that Brand, even though the other GP source most of those deals, the other GP leaves, forms his own brand as a new house and continues basically saying, hey, look, we're going to continue to manage those existing investments as fiduciaries and maximizing the return of those investments, because at the end of the day, as investors and fund one Haven all we care about really, like, obviously, core Creek all week, like, we ultimately care about protecting capital and return of capital, same, and so, yeah, exactly. And so at the end of the day, if you guys figure out a way to manage the investments that you've already made in a way that still upholds the fiduciary responsibility of Haven, then it just comes down to your personal choices of how you guys want to handle it. And then, and then, obviously, we can opine, and we can, as investors say, you know you guys need to explore every option and uncover every rock and figure out maybe different roles that the two of you can can have that would alleviate some of these concerns, like maybe talking through a different way to use McLean to the extent that he would be happy. But again, that's insinuating that you haven't already explored those options, right? But I think there's, there's things that are important from an investor standpoint, but ultimately, you know, we care about fiduciary responsibility and protecting and returning capital. And it's been, obviously, we care, we care about, we care about the partnership

Joseph Guzel  13:06:11
a lot. It's been a full time job protecting the firm from his fiduciary responsibilities and and breaches, if I'm being completely honest, the the amount of, the amount of stuff I've had to it's like a daily occurrence, like things that are things, things that like, like, not, not nothing, like not stealing, or anything like that, right? But like, literally negligence to an extent. And things like LP overreach, for example, and that are literally tutorial breaches here, right? That I have incessantly well documented. Okay, now again, take into consideration the fact that we're dealing with something different here. We're dealing with something that's bigger than most economies, right? And that's fine. And I don't want to. I do not want to. I don't want any of this. I didn't want any of that. I didn't ask when I did this, when I started this, and I brought him in, and I made him an equal to be privy, to be thrust into Larry and Lucy and all this stuff like and his his needs and his life and his that, and it's like, there's, we have a business to run at the end of the day, yeah, yeah, this is a business. We are an asset manager. We have, we are, we run institutional capital, right? And he does not have the capability or the willingness to do that whatsoever. Now, yeah, I am a good asset manager. I think I'm proven enough now, right? And so I and I'm not out here trying to go raise a billion dollars. I'm not here trying to continue to do what I love, to do that I got here on process of elimination. I've been doing it by myself Doug for four years. That is an equivocal fact, right?

Speaker 1  13:08:13
Yeah, exactly. And I think, you know, with 100%

Joseph Guzel  13:08:17
attribution and 100% referenceable and auditable as well, yeah? So

Speaker 1  13:08:23
I think, I think, look now the next, as you guys think about the next evolution you mentioned fun too, and the in the email and the letter and stuff and and obviously that's on the horizon,

Joseph Guzel  13:08:37
but that's for me, but Right?

Speaker 1  13:08:39
But different, different nodes, right? But what I do think is like obviously working this out well in advance of that launch, so that you have you guys both together, have an aligned story, and you guys are on the same page about it, because that that at the end of the day, is really what matters. But man, I'm sorry you're going through this. I as a friend and as a fellow partner and all this stuff, and it's, it's got to be really emotionally draining and physically draining, and just

Joseph Guzel  13:09:15
hard on my wife for a long time. It's, but it's been hard Doug for years, I just put on a good poker face, because what else could I do? I had to make this work, and I did so, so, so, I mean, like, I'm not romantic about Haven or the brand or whatever, but here is what I know and trust, and I can fill you in more on Friday, trust that I sincerely did everything, I tried everything, and I consulted all the right people and stuff. Like he is not going to make a continuation of Haven an easy thing whatsoever right now. Haven is a top decile fund, and once you get a chance to look into these assets and stuff a bit more you're going to be, like, unbelievably convinced of it, like, this conversation would have been two seconds had, had you been able to be properly updated as you should. As an institutional LP, investing in an institutional manager, I physically couldn't do it. Doug, I'm not making excuses. This is like, Yeah, this is I actually, I tried everything, and I, I tried everything, and so yeah, and so and so. Like, I need to raise a second fund. I need to keep investing here. There's too much opportunity, and I need to get there in my life. I this was four years of hell. I need to be at a place where I can be, where I'm supposed to be, right now, and, yeah, and, and I'm not out here trying to raise another 50, but I'm also not out here trying to say that, like, venture is the same thing. Like, it's not like, if I could build something with permanent capital, that would be the goal, right? And that was my vision with him, in a weird way, I suppose. But like, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:11:13
did you? Did you? Did you meet them? You met them, right? Who? Permanent? You said,

Joseph Guzel  13:11:19
well, permanent capital. When I say permanent capital, I'm being, you know,

Unknown Speaker  13:11:24
oh, like, yeah, I need

Joseph Guzel  13:11:27
to build a cheap money machine here. Venture is one move, and it doesn't work anymore, just like Andreessen is a long only fund, and so is Blackstone. Yeah, like distribution leads product, I need to be able to buy Hamza's and build Hamza's in an interesting way, right in the way that I know how to do, yeah, and, and, and I know how to do it, and so do you. And it's doesn't take a billion dollars. It doesn't even take 200 at all you

Unknown Speaker  13:12:02
live. You look just behind the 200

Joseph Guzel  13:12:05
Well, I mean, I mean, like, like, like, what, like, what the question would be, like, what, what should I do here? Like, you guys are going to see this, and what is clear is, you don't have other funds that have my portfolio of construction. Like, whether it's fund one, fund two, fund three, fund four, that are below 150 you don't,

Speaker 1  13:12:23
yeah, yeah, I don't. I don't have, I don't have a viewpoint. I mean, I think I'm obviously just coming into this situation.

Joseph Guzel  13:12:35
100 million dollar fund is what I need to win again. That's it.

Speaker 1  13:12:42
Yeah, well, I think, I think first and foremost, working out the partnership aspects with mcflyan is the most important thing, getting that, getting that situation, Haven fun. One needs to be ironed up and cleaned up in terms of the management of it. Develop a plan, and then that's going to make your life a lot easier. I feel like when you do ultimately come to that, like, need of saying, Hey, I either need to go raise in my own brand here, or I need to, like, figure out a way to raise it.

Joseph Guzel  13:13:13
I've got to figure that out in the next couple weeks. Like I The plan was to, was to I should be at a first close here. I'm fully invested. I'm almost done, done with the fund here. You're like, you're, you're

Speaker 1  13:13:28
50% you're like 80% reserved, right? You said, Dude,

Joseph Guzel  13:13:32
I have 20 I've made 2223 investments. I'm 83 point 19% reserved with no recycling. I'm I'm on year four of deployment. I'm top decile, and I've got unequivocal wins in 1234, companies, one of which you'll be using every single day of your life, right? So, and I'm a $46 million fund here. I crushed it so, so I should, I should have another $75 million fund, first close right now, especially with my LP base, that was just yeah, not being able to go solicit,

Speaker 1  13:14:15
yeah. I just, I think, yeah, no, I get that. And I mean,

Joseph Guzel  13:14:25
what else am I supposed to do with this? You know, like, what? Yeah. Well, I

Speaker 1  13:14:29
think, I think you have, I think you had the freedom to be a little more, a little patient, in the sense of, like, months, meaning, like, not a year, but like months, to be able to work out, Clean up, clean up the Haven situation, right? I'm leaving and then and get, get Hamza done, right? Yeah, it's done.

Joseph Guzel  13:14:48
It's done. Like, Hamza, I'll give you that data room. You should invest in it. Like, just take the put a million in. Like, obviously,

Speaker 1  13:14:58
yeah, I'll send that to I'll send that to Sean when I gotta run. Okay, I'm

Joseph Guzel  13:15:03
sorry, yeah, let me know when you're free on Friday, if you don't mind too much. But you're the only one that can give me this advice, and I need it.

Speaker 1  13:15:12
Yeah? Well, I, I'm not gonna tell you exactly what to do, but, you know, these things obviously come with a lot of emotion, and I think I'm not emotional about it. I'm, yeah, well, no, no, that, that's that. It seems like you've gotten like that. I was gonna say, it seems like he got like, past that point of like,

Joseph Guzel  13:15:29
there's like, just, he's coming after me in crazy ways, dude. I mean this. I don't care about that anymore. I care about just getting away. It's never going to get better with him. It is literally. He's just not, he's not a good person. Doug, like I, you know, I don't know what the hell happened. He's not the same guy. He's He's not fit to read, to manage institutional capital. He's not fit to manage your capital. It's a scary thing to watch, right when he tries. So, yeah, he can't really do any damage here. It once, especially once we get everything like lock locked, nor does he want to, because he has to keep paying himself, right? I just need to be able to separate this and what I've done here, which is locked, not let him screw it up and continue on and just do it again. And I can call it Joe Moore ventures, I don't care, right? Yeah, so it's

Speaker 1  13:16:39
about, it's about how you it's about how you design the governance of those of the existing assets, right? Like, who manages them, being very clear about like, okay, you know they're going to be under the Haven name, but they're but you know this new font, new CO is the manager of these investments, and in writing, it's like maximizing return for investors all that bells and whistles that cover

Joseph Guzel  13:17:04
that with the spin out, Right?

Speaker 1  13:17:07
Yeah, so don't forget my two cents at this point, but

Joseph Guzel  13:17:12
don't forget the 10 board seats I had while I was doing all this. Right, yeah,

Speaker 1  13:17:17
yeah. So it's, I'm sorry, man, this sucks.

Joseph Guzel  13:17:21
Yeah, anyways, yeah, it's, that was a lot of information. Thank you for staying late. I love you, yeah? I love you too, man, yeah. Let's catch up any anytime you want, on Friday, just let me know.

Speaker 1  13:17:30
Let me know. Sounds good. All right, bye. Talk soon. See ya. YEAH.
