Joseph Guzel  16:49:17
Hi, Joe, Hey, John, how's it going? Good, good, good. How's how's everything. How are you sorry we're keep blowing up over this nonsense. It's so asinine. No problem. Yeah, it's, did you catch up with Dave Young?

Unknown Speaker  16:49:38
Yeah, Dave mentioned that he talked to

Joseph Guzel  16:49:40
you, yeah, yeah. He's always, I forget that you guys, like, are the same, like, it's you and him. It's like a duo. Yeah, the I, because I just start calling whoever the hell I can get. I called you a couple times, and it helped anyways, because we have such good news on Hamza, which you guys are LPS from the coolie level, I'm so excited. Oh, thank God. I needed that. Are you familiar with that one? By the way,

John Clendenin  16:50:09
Dave just lightly mentioned it, but he didn't get into a lot of specifics.

Joseph Guzel  16:50:13
Yeah, it's Adam zabar from, used to be from Sun basket, if you remember that company. And he was, he was actually Dave's roommate, like, in college or something. They go, like, way back. And I worked on that one at cross link. I led that round with Dana. Settle in 2020, and then I bought it out at the cost basis, brought it to Haven, and now it's doing 80 million of bookings. Suddenly, we thought we're doing 20, and I think, I think we won the agent FinTech later. Oh, wow. Yeah, I'd like, I sincerely think I think I fucked around and did it nice, Henry. Yeah, nice for you. Nice for me. Nice for everybody. Nice for McLean, even my former partner. So, okay, here's what I need to catch you up on. I did McLean call you?

John Clendenin  16:51:11
Well? He called me last week and and he said, Just want to let you know, like you guys got to go pencils down. I got to talk to Joe about anything going forward in the future, and you guys aren't authorized to do work.

Joseph Guzel  16:51:33
That's how he talked to you.

Unknown Speaker  16:51:35
Well, I mean, like, a like, like that, yeah. Does

Joseph Guzel  16:51:38
that seem like that's how somebody that knows what they're doing would talk to you?

Unknown Speaker  16:51:44
I don't know who he's getting counsel from, but he

Joseph Guzel  16:51:46
Yeah, he's, he's, yeah, that's like, how disrespectful and what an amateur, right? Who's you think he is? Yeah, you're a senior coolie partner.

John Clendenin  16:51:57
Well, I know, I know, but he's kind of like, you know, I don't know if you guys are spinning up on two docs, but you know that we're not there so

Joseph Guzel  16:52:05
and what, and what's he saying as to why

Unknown Speaker  16:52:09
he didn't say that. He was a very short call.

Joseph Guzel  16:52:11
I got this candidate calling me on the other line that I gave an offer letter to. I'm gonna Can I patch him in with you again? Can I Because? Because McClain called this kid to tell him that there's no way we'll ever hire him, and he still wants to work here, and he just made the fundraise for Hamza, this kid's 23 and he did the whole thing, like, it's, like, it's, I can't, I can't believe what this guy's doing. Yeah, I that it's, it's the stuff that he did in the last several days like since we talked, let me text him back. I'll say, call you right right back. I was just talking about you. Oh, see, I see a very pumped, and can't wait to get started. Yeah, yay, this. Yeah. You see what he did this kid, and he works for one of our LPS currently at Key Bank. He's an analyst at Key Bank. If I showed you the case study that I gave this kid, you would immediately tell me to get him to sign something, because I was like, You are slave now you must make whole fund work. And like, make this, make this, fundraise happen with Sequoia right now. Like, this is all because I had to suck the oxygen out of the room to show McLean. Like, what are you doing? Like, it's you can't have me. Just like, I honestly don't understand what what he's doing. He's knowingly derailing the business here. And look at this point, what, since last Thursday to now, there was, like, a very well documented, you know, character assassination attempt that had he got me, like last year, in the summer, at my lowest, when I when my family was having problems, like everything he could have, he could have taken me out, but I handled it well, and it all came to light. He went to, you know, multiple LPs. He that all happened to be my friends also, and all told them all that I was crazy and that I had a drug problem. I don't do drugs. I don't even smoke weed. And also, fuck off. Who cares? And I clearly don't have a problem, because I've been running this fund for four years, and I'm, I'm a proven VC. I unequivocally proven VC. So, yeah, it's, it's all, it's, it's all just, it's like high school, you know, high school games here. And he went to Eric chin, he went to Brett Brewer, he went to William Cofield, and he went to my buddy, Brandon deer, who's best man at my wedding. Started with me into it. He's currently the CEO of UI path, right? And so, so, so managing partner, owner, who, guy who runs crosslink capital, the firm I spun out of. And, you know, my mentor, his son's in the chapter of zbt that I started at Cal Poly. I'm a founding father, right? Yeah, and, and Brett Brewer, who gave me my start in the business. He's like my uncle, you know, and will Cofield, who first friend I ever had in Los Angeles, and like, a brother get my wedding. Why did he go to these guys? All of these guys are like, my protectors, you know? They're like my my people like they're, they're the ones that, like, jump on a grenade for me. They don't let anything bad happen to me, and then they strip me, set me straight and narrow, like they're, they're my wolves, you know, and Brandon. And Brandon, yeah? Like, I call him the Bear Jew, yeah, yeah, his, his, I introduced him to his wife, his daughter, you know, her middle name's mine. And so, like, then he tells them all that I need to be admitted and they need to do an intervention, all this shit. Yeah? Will comes, you know, had to have lunch with me on Saturday. I just call him. I haven't seen him in a while. I haven't seen him since like, like, December, maybe November, yeah, and he comes in and he's, like, distraught because he hears he's like, oh fuck, because we've had friends that have had problems, and him, and him in particular. And, like, he takes this shit very seriously. He sees it as a failure on his part, you know. And do you know, you know, will riot ventures, right? Yeah, yeah. He's a fucking awesome guy. And, and then, you know, like, I, I'm like, well, like, how are you like, I basically subdue the situation, and then will realizes. He's like, Wait, am I crazy? Like, and even worse, between you and me, he it's like, with Will's, Will's just been, like, going through hell with his own thing. You know that I didn't know, and that, then I got real fucking pissed and but, and then he went to my buddy John Klein, who's one of my other best friends, and who manages this, this kid we just placed so Cooley also represents every set one of our portfolio companies, fucking killer company that's that's another one's gonna rock. I'm getting Jason Azar to be the independent board member, and then I'm gonna parlay it to Dana. That's the way to do it. And then we get another 500 banger here pretty quick for the Lac. And it's LA, I'm so excited. It was the best kept secret in LA, yeah, what was called castify. Everyone passed on this thing forever. I know that. I know husband, wife, team. Life's hard enough, right? Yeah, pass, pass, pass. But what did I know John Indians don't fucking get divorced, brother, yeah, so roll the dice. No, and yeah, it's actually kind of true. They have the lowest, like crazy, low rate. But, yeah, non consensus. But the EB, the CEO, I grew up with them in Bakersfield, and it's him and his wife, and it's rippling for sag. And anyways, we placed the VP of Finance there. I just closed them the other day. It's another one of John Klein's guys. So, like, I just put this guy, you know, in a portfolio company, one of his people in the portfolio company, and I'm hiring company, and I'm hiring the other and, like, it's like, and, you know, he's just trying to look out for his employees. He's like, the last great banker in America, it seems, because all these young people are so good that he trains. I think he should just start an investment bank. I think it's a time for new one, right? Like, Frank, it's been a minute since catalyst. Or Steve McLaughlin, and he calls him, tells him, you know, we're not hiring these people, and tells him all the same thing, that there's this whole ring around all the way through Brett and Eric and this and that, and these people are across the country. So I spend my weekend doing that, and then immediately move into damage control. Call the LPS that matter, right? If I called his family's LP like grass meadow, coup, it would ruin his life. McLean, that is so I held off. It became really clear, and then I didn't tell him shit. I just kept it real cool. Didn't say anything. Nothing slack, no indication. And at this point, I know his body language through slack, because I had to, because he's only been down here three times in the last four years, right? And and so anyways, it kind of, it kind of all came to a head last night, because I'm giving this kid an offer. I was trying to reach out to you, then that's when I saw that he tried to kibosh it. Oh, I already gave him an offer. I signed it. He's done. He's joining april 15. It's happening. I made the decision, yeah, and according to Dave Pria, and I even had, you know, Thomas from org, sanity check it. I had everybody you did. Harvey Claude, whatever the fuck I'm doing it, he can figure it out, and there's no basis. And the other thing, Jonathan, like, if it wasn't clear, like, minus this conversation and a few others, which I could if I wanted to record it, because you're my you're my lawyer, I have, like, everything recorded from March of 2021, audio, text, video, transcribed, everything documented from 20 from at least March of 2021 to present, almost 100% of anything I've done, even even in person. And pretty much everybody knows it, and I've made it really clear. So, so, so like you, you could have a field day. The burden of proof is the easiest thing in the world of AI for me right now, especially it would take you two seconds. So if you want to go after a trillionaire, let me know the and then the Yeah, I what happened? I ended up I've been talking about this all day, I guess. So I let the founders know also. And because the LPS gave me reassurance I was spire spiraling there, because I just feel like my, you know, life is gonna be over. He's got a trillion dollars. I was a refugee. I stepped on a bunk bed, but went on till I was 10. So Okay, and, yeah, of course, like they all, they all kind of said the same thing. They're like, you know, the performance is so good. Like, this messy shit happens, but like you got it, like you got to do if somebody comes after you, you gotta, you gotta clap back. And that gave me the confidence and and stuff to to be able to protect myself because this character assassination ship, man, when, when your closest people that you love are that he I'm so crossed by this. And he did this to his wife. He did this to his ex wife, and he tried to do this to David Silverman at crosslink. And David just had a stroke two days ago because of shit like this. And he also, you know, part of the deal with the spin out. This was, this part was not in writing, but it was, it was, it was a quid pro quo release. Joe's track record legally. Get the l pack at cross link to invest now that's an important piece. We have a lot of the same, LPs, cap, rock, etc. We, I am truly the continuation of Robertson Stevens. Here is what I was doing, and trying to honor it, not, not, not, not disgrace it. And, and, yeah, and, you know, they keep the coupe grass metal money flowing. There's supposed to be a $50 million commit and crossing. In crossing fund nine and I take the big man off their hands, make him a man, turn him into a VC, and everybody wins. And crossing lost, and I lost because I'm not there anymore. There's no generational transition. They you know, didn't get coupe because McClain sabotaged it and said that if David's part of cross link, that he will not, he'll, he will derail any coupe investment that goes in maliciously. I have documented record of that, by the way, text messages, everything, screenshots that he sent. He's very careless. Oh, I bet. Oh, my God, it's like, the most careless, like you would in like, you do that and you live with Larry Page. Are you fucking nuts, dude? How much like, let's get paid, man, I'm part of me is like, kind of like, do I just let you guys go ham. It'd be so fun. We'll make so much money. Yeah, like they name your price. Literally, you can't think, I can't. I don't even know how many zeros are in that, in those numbers, like, name it. I'm not under. NDA, so the and so that ended up costing them a lot. Man, they've lost 50 million bucks. Came in later for like, a couple million. And then obviously, you know, everything over here. So here's the deal that happened. You know, today I was supposed to be at the fucking upfront Summit, and I missed the FICA thing last night. I'm so pissed, because it doesn't add to the narrative. Does it? When he's been running around telling all the people that you know I've got all these problems, almost made me believe it. He tried to derail this higher and basically I needed to have a final confirmation here. Like it took I was supposed to get this offer letter out days ago, but I've been dealing with the damage control on him. I've been dealing with all these freaking companies, Hamza, everything else, but also just making sure I covered all my bases here. Like I just I didn't know what he would do, and today I saw him do his damnedest, because he called John a billion times. He called this kid like I just told you, and I gotta hand it to this kid, man. He was like, he like, he's running towards the danger, like he still wants to work with the plane. I'm like, this kid's might be the next of an old COSLA. He's like, I'm scared of him. I'm glad I can control him. And yeah, so, so, so we're so, where we're landing basically, is, like, I'm not going to work with this guy, obviously, yeah, and I'm taking control of my firm back. So here's how I'm going to do it, and it's already in motion. And I just don't know how. I just need, I just need to know the mechanisms. But I also need to know, Are you the right person to talk to, given everything right, given that we're signed with you, because, boy, I talked to fucking Thomas, and that was a waste of time. I love Thomas, but he's too soft, so I need a hard ass Thomas King, okay, yeah,

John Clendenin  17:06:08
no, you gotta, yeah, I gotta get you a different referral.

Joseph Guzel  17:06:11
I need the hardest motherfucker, you know,

John Clendenin  17:06:15
yeah, okay, I, unfortunately, I have people waiting. I got a meeting right now, but let me give you that referral, and then you just go to town, like, get that referral. They'll be unburdened by any conflicts, and that way you can just take, take the firm back. I just worry that if, if you know claims, reached out to us, like, I don't want to give him any firepower here,

Joseph Guzel  17:06:38
yeah, are you covering fund one technically? Because this is a fund one matter, right? Because I'm talking about that,

Unknown Speaker  17:06:49
yeah, well, we signed up with a management company. Okay,

Joseph Guzel  17:06:52
that makes sense. Okay, sounds good. I think, Okay. I think I found a path to make this actually really clean and quiet and respectful and allow him to just, just do whatever he wants. But over there, you know, okay, all right, I'll keep you posted. Thank you. All right, but, but wait, John, I was able to hire that guy, right?

Unknown Speaker  17:07:17
I think so. I mean, I have the short form

Joseph Guzel  17:07:18
GP agreement. I didn't give him equity, I didn't give him equity. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  17:07:23
yeah. So, yeah, it says otherwise. I think you just forge ahead.

Joseph Guzel  17:07:28
Yeah, I did okay. All right, sounds good. Thank you, man. I appreciate you. Sorry for keeping you. Thank you for calling me back. No worries. Thank you. Bye. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai