Speaker 1  14:16:55
Basically the great thing with them, I basically kind of agreed with, I agree with his perspective here. So the guys in New York they, they like him with his red flags, and he's like, I'm just thinking, like, hard time bringing him on for a month, just for a month, so he doesn't fly out here. We like him enough we want to give him a chance. And

Joseph Guzel  14:17:20
sorry to interrupt. Is this the kid that John recommended? Klein? Yeah,

Speaker 1  14:17:28
this is the Daniel Kim guy, right? And so there's some red flags, but they they like him enough that they want to give him a chance. They're like, we're just work with them half time for a month, and then after a month, we'll make the decision to bring them on full time. And I was like, I actually think that's that's a fair decision, and then you can kind of do all your other shoot at the same time. So I told him to go ahead and do that. I think that's what they're they're going to do. So they're going to have them for the next month rather than entire process to find someone else, by the

Joseph Guzel  14:17:56
way, that that, that's that is, we should take a lesson from that. And and I before I tried, I tried to, kind of like, explain this before, but we were, it was back when we weren't, like, communicating right on stuff, the which is my fault, but the that's kind of what they that's kind of what cross cut and shit did to me, man. Me, man, like, like, when I tried to describe, like, my journey to cross cut, or and my journey to cross link, when you if you could, if you kind of use your imagination a bit, it was try before you buy here, but not as one to one as this. I mean, like, cross cut took me about a year process. That was after I bought two companies for them, and they had already put a base like, so it's like, what more did you need here? But, but they had stuff to figure out. And so it was still like a sales process. I had to get Jason to help me. I get rod to help me get the gig like, and I was sending them deals and, like, doing write ups for months and months and months and months and then, and with cross link, like, quite literally, there is a much more try before you buy. They put me through the full gamut of interviews and case studies and all that shit through true, right? If you look back at the files I gave you, is literally true. The most expensive fucking thing I remember, Eric was trying to snub them for my cost, because they were still trying to charge him for $60,000 even though I didn't get hired. And then, and, you know, he saw the whole thing. So it's like he got through a year, a year, 18 months of like awkwardness, when somebody's new to the industry, I learned on their on somebody else's dime, and then he poached me, and that process was way smoother, obviously, because they had so much data that is, that's a motherfucking try before you buy. It's way worse than a month, and that's what I was trying to we should. There's no reason why we can't leverage that. You know, it used to be what EIR is, Matt, Biggie, try before you buy. EIR.

Unknown Speaker  14:20:12
Yeah, yeah. So, yeah. I mean, I think

Unknown Speaker  14:20:20
try before you buy, yeah, I

Speaker 1  14:20:21
think that's, that's the solves kind of all their issues, because I was, like, rather than just spending so much time, like, just, just, just give it a shot. And doesn't work with the fucking Band Aid is low effort. You're not moving them out here. Yeah, and wow. So there's that

Joseph Guzel  14:20:42
he, what did you talk about? Like, why, why this role is important, or why they like? Because I got the sense, dude, that he thought that the role was not in the function was not important, which I always have this fight. So

Speaker 1  14:20:59
I think he realized So basically, what I told him is, like, you may not think it's important now, but it becomes important real quick. And being in a position where, like, you need someone yesterday, and you've got all this shit, you don't want to be in a position, especially for something that's kind of takes a while to hire for yeah and, and he's like, yeah. He's like, we got like, a bunch of new, like, typical contracts on that. I'm like, Yeah. So like, when that happens, you probably want someone like, primed and ready to go.

Joseph Guzel  14:21:34
You'll you'll learn that the way, the way that you hit him with it is at the at the next board meeting, whatever it is between now and the end of the year, he's going to have nothing like spit and span and done correctly. With respect to the forecast, which we still have not seen a forecast. We've seen it. The only thing we had a forecast of was the roadmap for payroll, and that took 20% to the time that we thought it would need to launch it and and the capital so so like he's, I just don't think he understands. I'm probably I might

Speaker 1  14:22:16
be wrong. And and I know he wants to do it, and I think, like, I mean, to figure out this guy. I think it's a much more efficient use than trying to figure out, right? I think just, just give this guy a chance, and, you know, it's an easy break, and then, if you know, we'll try again in a month. Here's another

Joseph Guzel  14:22:38
thing to do that I'm learning with him. And I wonder if you're if you think I'm crazy, but he I he's doing everything for the first time with new people in the room. He gets, I have a feeling knowing him, that he thinks that when we prescribe something like everything's a prescription that he has to take. So like, even John recommending this, this guy, the reason why is he making excuses? It's like, okay, he's not a good hire. Just go look for somebody else. The role is still he thinks we're supposed to hire him, because we sent him

Speaker 1  14:23:18
no and in his defense, when I got on the phone with him, he was like, you like, this is what I wanted to do. Want to do. What are you saying? And I essentially, kind of walked through the reasoning, and kind of in the end, was like, you know, I kind of agree with you. And he's like, okay, great, that's what I want to do. So yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:23:39
yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  14:23:42
cool. And then real quickly on Alicia Keys, so I just chat with her again and her technical co founders. They're pretty Junior, you know, so much of it is actually really just her, like, I think she's, she's great, and then, you know, obviously she's kind of, you know, great for the New Mexico thing and everything like that. I'm

Joseph Guzel  14:24:05
not surprised. I'm not saying they're now that I know her. I'm not surprised that they're being here. Yeah,

Speaker 1  14:24:16
I hope I was, I was like this, as opposed to making a joke, but Christina is actually leaning in central e here. So if she does it, we could just do potentially, a follow on chat. So I'm going to help her with this. Whatever you want. Alicia might fly up on Alicia might fly up on Monday to do dinner with us. So I'll update you again. I think it's, it's, it's not something that we leave, but maybe we just kind of put a participation check in, or something like

Joseph Guzel  14:24:41
that. I'm supportive. Whatever you want to do on that. I'm totally supportive. And we have, we have cash, yeah, capture everything on, on otter and stuff when you can. So I can, well, how big the rat? How big is around too

Speaker 1  14:24:59
this entire time? So the entire round is actually going to be a 1.5 1.5

Joseph Guzel  14:25:05
okay, if we, if you're thinking it's 100k check or something, I don't care if you're thinking that it's more than then we should try to price it and blah, blah, blah.

Speaker 1  14:25:18
I'm thinking. I'm thinking, yeah, 100, 150 again, something with the one in front of

Joseph Guzel  14:25:25
it. How much is Christina able? What does she do when she leads these things?

Speaker 1  14:25:30
So she her ball is going to really get the 5% so she's got a little bit more flexible, but, you know, I think, you know, she could come in for the entire round, but for this amount like, I think it's an easy check for because they've got 750 K committed already. And so I think it's, you know, I think it's, it's easy for her to do it

Joseph Guzel  14:25:59
our life, easy get some brownie points out of the holiday, holidays and and save us some headache at the 11th hour. And just like coach her to give a term sheet for, you know, for basically finance term sheet, there you go.

Speaker 1  14:26:16
Well, I told her that 1.5 Yeah, I just saw her. She's like, Oh, I don't want to. I think her valuation expectations are high. I'm like, Just get return fee firm with Bucky one. I'm sure she'll take it. She loves us,

Joseph Guzel  14:26:30
yeah, and it's, it's like, we don't, you don't know if they're high until you put something in front of everybody. We didn't know if you would want anything, and you see how it's, it's, it's a, it's a good because, because, especially with it, with somebody, like, with Alicia's personality, it's, it's going to be, she's going to be, like, difficult with this process. So, like, it has to be cheap and it has to be fast. Cash finance was, what, 1.4 or 1.67 on 6.75 post priced like she doesn't have a cap table and stuff done yet. And so you make it a $2 million round, and then, you know, Christina can lead with 750 you post it out at six or at eight. And then Haven you know, can get 10% for 500k if we have to, or something like that. We can go down and then give her, like, 60 days to fill it out with a minimum raise at 1.5 inclusive of the and then set coolie in there, you know, obviously. So nip that in the bud. Whoever she's using it from the Navajo Nation to do her the SBA and, yeah, and that's it. But don't give her any of the shit that we give to like a hue, which is all these controls, because in this case, if it actually doesn't help us, we should control her.

Unknown Speaker  14:28:01
Yeah, I totally agree.

Joseph Guzel  14:28:03
I totally agree. I mean, she's around and marry her. I might fuck around and marry her. Yeah, you should. I really

Speaker 1  14:28:12
should. You could be the first, the first gentleman in New Mexico when she becomes governor. Oh, dude, that'd

Joseph Guzel  14:28:19
be really something.

Speaker 1  14:28:21
Yeah, I I have to hop here. You go into Heston's. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  14:28:30
I'm gonna go to Heston's at 430 New York. What's

Unknown Speaker  14:28:36
that? New York

Joseph Guzel  14:28:36
he moved out here for his his fiance, Hallie. That's going to be a hell. It's going to be like your first wedding. It's gonna be like a $5 million fucking wedding. I'm so excited. Yeah, that's why Haven two needs to have. We have to be done or first closed by the time I leave. Second, I'm taking a fucking month off. That's all I'm looking forward to. Yeah, are you booked up? Oh, a couple things. One, I'm sending an NDA to that deck lady. I'll send you the pricing sheet. Blaine. Blaine's comment was really helpful. I mean, he's a good litmus test. Honestly, everyone's gonna be excited about this. This is, like, the dumbest thing they're all and then I mean people making slides for him, like, of course, Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah, everyone's just going to be like, Oh, my God, this is such a good service. Two is, is Hugh, I'll, I'll run through and see what's if he sent those comments and stuff, and then it looks like he's going with us. So I didn't get a sense, did you that anything's changing there?

Speaker 1  14:29:50
I think, I think, I think it, yeah, I think it depends, though, on what happens with Google Ventures, right? If they, if Google Ventures gives them a deal that he can't refuse, I told I've been chopping the head. I'm like Google Ventures comes in, maybe where you come in at an uncapped note for discount, and he seemed to be okay with it, right? So I

Joseph Guzel  14:30:11
don't know if, I don't know if they're going to do it, do you? I

Unknown Speaker  14:30:18
don't think they're gonna do it either. So far outside what they would normally

Joseph Guzel  14:30:21
do you do are you, do you have a good relationship with the folks over there? I've never really met anybody from there.

Speaker 1  14:30:26
I the only relationship I have is with David Crane, and he's like, so senior now that essentially all he does is sign the checks,

Joseph Guzel  14:30:36
okay, and then, so let's say hypothetically that they come and they give them a 10 million they give them a pre new vote round, because they saved David's life, or whatever, like last time, right? The question is, what do we do to parlay this? Because I like this a lot, so I don't want to lose it

Speaker 1  14:30:59
works, and they only 10% and any partner, any partner, just has to say, yes,

Joseph Guzel  14:31:10
we need to get him to get to the finish line. And if what we need to think through is a way to to kind of cover our bases on both. So like, if it's if it looks like Google's going to do it, for sure, we should neg them and convince them that it's not a good idea. Switch the structure to a note that converts instead with a different dollar amount. The shit on Martin is helpful that he's like, Oh, Martin, although that could come back to bite us, but who knows. And then do the whole, do the armory thing, like, what, like, what you see across link, where, like, we would lose the deal, or like, they would decide not to raise, and they come back in 60 days or 30 days, and then we end up leading it in two seconds, and they don't think, and that's Google Ventures in that case, because it's like, we want that markup. I'd love that logo for us. I'd love that logo. How good would that look? Yeah,

Speaker 1  14:32:14
yeah, yeah. I think, I mean, I've been, I've been angling for that where I'm just like, hey, listen, Mark, this is signaling. But hey, if, if, if you know you, if Google Ventures comes in, they make an offer that you can't refuse. And it doesn't work for economics, like I was angling for, like, maybe we can convert and signaling for them. And in the end, they probably don't really get that much of a fuck about valuations at the early stage anyway,

Joseph Guzel  14:32:41
yeah. Well, that's the thing. If they're insensitive to like, maybe they want to cut a ten million round at a 35 or 45 right away. Whatever can make that easy is what we should think through otherwise. Like, our only advantage here is speed. So it'll be up to you next time there's a hue, though. Like, it's the same thing with O Larry, with anything that we've missed. Michael Ducker, like, Don't even call me. Just, like, give them a fucking note. Just, just give them a five, 500k uncapped note at a 20% discount. And be like, Joe, hey, this one. This is the dude. Like, just FYI. We're coming into this because, because this is we missed too many of these. It's not good. And that's all we can do without any support yet, right? What the other way? What do you think of the shawl? I know you got to run wheel the yesterday? What do you think of wheeled yesterday? He's got to shit together a lot more.

Speaker 1  14:33:37
Yeah, I agree. I like how he's just kind of making decisions and not Laughlin.

Joseph Guzel  14:33:42
I think I like everything like about it. I'm not gonna lie, but what were you saying?

Speaker 1  14:33:49
I think he kind of needs I think the one thing I worry about with that one is I kind of feel like he and us, like our bubble, like, I think he needs some else outside validation from other investors right now, because I think he's his, his working style, which is, which is great, it's nothing to worry is, whereas, like, I kind of just feel like he, like, locks himself In an office and just works, right? He

Joseph Guzel  14:34:16
had, I mean, he is, he is, he is the

Speaker 1  14:34:20
which, I think is which, I think is great, but I think it's, it's, it's, it's, it's almost like we need, like, I kind of almost want him to start going through a little bit of a fundraising process, just to kind of like a sanity check and get some outsourced, outside validation. Well, that's, well, that's the whole

Joseph Guzel  14:34:37
point of why I was trying to engage him. So, like, he so, like, remember, this was COVID, but really we were more of a follow on with walk about three and a half. Yeah, and a half post. We only own like, seven, 8% of this, and the market is, all is, you know, is coming together. And I see vertical data ecosystems, our thesis and what we've been learning with insurance and read, write and blah, blah, blah, he's a good fundraiser. That's why Josh locked him up the way that he did, the way that we're supposed to do with a hue or a or these other guys, because you look at his resume, he has been an exec on the sales side. He's been an exec on the technical side, and he has fundraised up to series B's before in his career. So once he got it, you got it right. What was the struggle here is he doesn't know. What the fuck did he know about dentistry? Nothing. He knew everything about data from his last role, and so that was, that was the worry here. We know a lot about dentistry, and had a lot of scar tissue, so that was our risk. Now this like, like, what was worrying me too is also what like, Jacob picked up on back in the spring, which was like, because he spent time with him physically in Jersey, which was, like, he's, he's, like, lackadaisical on who he was hiring, like, with that chick that he brought on. And Jacob would call me, like, like, this, these, this, these people are not that good. He needs to get out of his own, yeah. And so he, he made some really interesting moves here. That guy looks super fucking impressive. I can back channel him with Jason Schuman, because he's and then and then, if Jason probably doesn't know that this guy took that gig, we could parlay it to around with Jason now. Now the only move for Haven here is, is one do nothing, and it's fine, because we only, we don't know too much yet. I can't, I can't sit here and say that like this meets the condition of like, do we know something about the world that if anybody else knew it, they would all give them? Yeah, not the case, right? Risk. So what we're in it for 1.2 or 1.3 we don't own enough, and we're fortunate in that Josh diamond is retarded, and Jordy, I forget that Jordy is all the way in New York. He's more junior. He's very passive and lackadaisical. Josh is obviously off, you know, fishing half the time, so so they're not looking we've never had a board meeting formally, ever. So we've spent the most time with him, which is probably why it took him so long to get here, because I we were operating under the assumption that these guys were actually doing something at walkabout, just like with every set with crosslink, you know, time Tobias out here trying to fight for his job and act with a partner and angle against Phil. He's not building the financial model for EB, like I want him to, right and then, and so he needs a million bucks. He's dilution sensitive, because he feels he's on the cusp of something. He's got 1.8 left. He didn't burn it through the wazoo. That's how, you know, he was a founder at one point, just like with George, right? Kind of the same, the same rate as George is. He's like, if George and Danny did a Dragon Ball Z, like, fusion. And so can we put in the note here? Kind of like, what we did the brick dynamics, like, like, is there an opportunity to dollar cost average here? If, does it make sense? What do we need to validate quietly and then sneak it in there? There's never been a board meeting walk about, does it hasn't formally filled the seat so they can't come in and try to Jack us, because they will. Obviously, they're going to use that as validation, yeah,

Speaker 1  14:38:43
I think, yeah. And so that's, that's, I guess that was kind of my way of saying, like, Josh diamond is not doing anything here, right? And so it's just doesn't

Joseph Guzel  14:38:57
mean that he's good, John, we know Josh isn't. We know Josh diamond isn't good and he's hasn't sat on board. Yeah?

Speaker 1  14:39:05
But I guess, I guess my point is, is that, I think even for us to decide if we're going to come back in like, I think we just need to get some outside validation here, right? Because

Joseph Guzel  14:39:19
we won't be able to buy up, though, so it would be doing our pro rata in that case. I'm just trying to play out the scenarios. I'm not advocating for it. I'm just saying like this is an opportunity we own Exactly. Let's see Bucha Oh, my historical team break down the resources. Building mental thesis macro to reserves, 11, five, we own. I Okay, so we did this one on it closed January, 20, 2023, we signed the term sheet in December. It was a price round. We're in it for 1.2 first round was 3.7 13 and a half post we did 1.2 8.89, fully diluted, no reserves. I earmarked a mill just for forecasting. And so, yeah, so that's it. It represents 2.7% of the fund, and it's 6% on a weighted average basis. So yeah, I mean, I think it's an ordeal that we should own 15% of, but we don't,

Speaker 1  14:40:38
yeah, yeah. I mean, it's a top one because it kind of like doesn't necessarily fit our unless we could count this as kind of an initial check in which, lemonade is 10, and the British trying to get to our ownership

Joseph Guzel  14:40:58
Well, I mean, it's like, if you look at this against, like, an auto lab, right? Very different, like this, so, so like the shawl, we're more likely to end up in an auto lab situation in my like, or any bridge situation with, like, a volta in this because we're in the same dynamic with FICA. We already did that, and George isn't we? Like, we know that George is going to have a tough time fundraising. Like, I actually don't think I've had, I've had like, three or four really long sessions with this guy twice in person. And, you know, like, just looking at as, I've met the com, I met clear cover and shit back in the day, you might have to at crosslink. Like, this guy can raise, he raised for shitty things like, and so he's got, he's got the fundraising gift. It's just, it's, it's, what's going to be hard here for fundraising, is that he's going to get compared to over jet people don't understand, you know, just they don't understand dentistry. They don't think it's a big market. I've been dealing with this since 2011 it's no different than Roofer And and it also everybody's lost money in dentistry. It's like anything else in FinTech, like everybody has done a vertical play in the space, and they've, you know, fucked it up right now, it's not really that, like it's actually it's going to turn into more of an InsurTech business, I guarantee you. Is what I was talking to him about when he left the call to join Hugh. It's going to look like insure look like a shirt.

Speaker 1  14:42:38
I agree with you, because that, because I agree, I kind of assumed it would be a short time from the from the beginning. Yeah.

Joseph Guzel  14:42:44
So, so, like, we know, we know that he can build the good technical products. He takes feedback. Well, like, we have one good example of hiring so far, let's see if that guy can sell that's the thing. Like, I don't know. I mean, like, so, so, so there's like a window in here where it's like, okay, if we did 500k right? Does that make sense? Like, if we did 500k at a 15 post cap, where it's like, hey, Vishal, like, it's not a million, but you have 1.8 that's enough capital to get to milestones that our problem with, like volta was, we gave them too much, and we didn't get our membership, like, so we got fucked because of TX is stupid note that we show for like we and if it gets back to walk about, then we can have it structured in a way that walkabout is joining in our terms, kind of like, like, how we got ahead of it with brick, like, I could tell will wanted to put something down. We couldn't let him usurp us, because we're the lead right and then, and then, that way we were able to parlay it into him being the larger check. We did 750 at a 25 and it was, and then from, from a audit purpose, like, if you're any anybody, it's fitting our parameters, where it was like we got the much larger fund riot, who was a follow on before to lead and price on the subsequent note. And then we, we dollar cost average. So like, like, yeah, parlay it to get walkabout, to put in more cash here and fuck them back, while still maintaining, like, good fund economics to the tune of like, 500k and then this would be the last capital we would get in 500k

Speaker 1  14:44:43
yeah, it's just, for some reason, I just feel like we need some sort of outside validation here, in some in some shape before I don't have it's like a spidey sense, for Some reason, okay? Because I think it's, well, I mean, it's just, it's because it's, you know, every other company we've had has been, you know, a little bit more public facing, and has kind of gotten like that feedback. And he's got his, you know, they're building product, you know, they've been kind of doing it with their family sentence, free offices. They haven't been talking to anyone. And for some reason, it just seems like

Joseph Guzel  14:45:17
they've got a pipeline. I mean, and every one of our companies is kind of the same here. I mean, volta didn't start doing anything that's volta has been in the portfolio.

Unknown Speaker  14:45:26
I guess we have to make a decision here. Do you think we

Joseph Guzel  14:45:29
don't? The next steps were just ask him what we need, and I was going to follow up on an email and tell him, like, show us this stuff. He's down to play ball. Okay, you know, it's been in the portfolio now for volt has been 26 months. This has been in the portfolio for 22 months. So it's, it's been two years, and he's still got another, you know, six months of runway before he has to raise. He would be, he'll be ready to raise in April, probably otherwise or March, walk about will catalyze the round. And I'm sure they're already Josh has a machine to QED and Nika and those, those cuckolds like, What? What? What we So, so. So the way to look at it is, given the check size dynamics and stuff like that like and the time he'll need, and the dress up and all this shit, it's like getting the it's basically like parlaying to the 42 and a half million dollar post, common purchase on hombia, versus the 500k we put in on the 85 post when we should have gotten our 500k instead of giving it to Dana, right? But we had to. So like, and Josh owns 13% to our 8.9 for the same fucking check size. Somehow, yeah, and, and we know that this guy's dilution sensitive right now. Know that he scaled zero to one, and so yeah, I believe him when he says he needs a mill. I believe him when he says, Yeah, but it's a window, so we end up at 1.6 at like 13% and then we don't have to do any more anything else in here. It's not like an auto lab. It becomes just his problem. Josh's problem, not ours, because right now, it's just been our problem.

Unknown Speaker  14:47:26
How much money does it take to get to 15% here?

Joseph Guzel  14:47:30
It would put us we would need to be at so 1.5 divided by, so we'd be at 1.6 divided by we would be like, at 12, at 12% if we, if we did 500k like, like, if you kind of blend it Right, because we're at 13, we're at 8.89 so 9% today, at at 13 and a half post price 3.7 in and so he took a pretty diluted round, actually, yeah, for the first that's like a, that's a pretty fucking dilutive one. I mean, look, we just did four on 15 for Hugh. So he did, he did, yeah, he took 30% dilution. That's why he's right now. Yeah, so Josh is going to be on the hook for getting him a, you know, 50 post.

Speaker 1  14:48:33
But then so, I mean, then what? So what do you think? I mean? Is it, is it an extension of the last valuation, or do we, do we mark it up

Joseph Guzel  14:48:40
exactly like, break is the move here? It's not, it's not marking it up if it's, if it's the note, right? So it's, it's about, it's about giving him a price note that he can clear comfortably. He'll want 18 or 20, just like what happened with brick, which is fine, like, if he ought to be able to clear that amount, and if he can't, then we're just going to own more at the 13 and a half anyways, when, when the 500k converts in, so it'll be, like, we right sized our investment in both cases. Yeah, it's, I'm just trying to, I'm just, I just want every, like, everything that's been the portfolio that's, like, has cash and it's working and it's on thesis, and, like, we've gotten to know the people and like, I, you know, feel good about the end market with these, like, with George, like, George, god damn it. Why don't we own 19% of that business? We do a lot of work for them, and we're 1.375 in and, like, that's a lot of work, right? And and on, both of us at a lot of work. And totally on thesis heading into, heading into here with pre marketing. I mean, yeah, because, because, because it's, it's like, it's all these ones from 2023 that kill me, like we have, we have our breakouts. Like our breakouts are Hansa break dynamics in every set, you know, and yeah, and cast finance is going to, like, start pumping here pretty soon. I have to call them, those guys know how to make money. Super connectors, easy, like, like, all of those are, are great auto lab, you know, whatever we'll see, but, but that's it. Dashy data Rebo is probably, I don't know what you want. I can't even talk about that guy right now. Pico is going to be fine because Adam won't let his wife lose and now he's seeing businesses in such a fundamentally different place, but, but this is the window. This is the window. Honestly, brother, because it's we're not going to we're not going to be able to do it. So think about what you want. Let's,

Unknown Speaker  14:50:53
let's, let's, let's, let's, let's ruminate, and then to hop right now.

Joseph Guzel  14:50:58
But let's add one more thing I wanted to ask you I forgot, though, fuck

Unknown Speaker  14:51:04
this. Just message it to me.

Joseph Guzel  14:51:06
Oh, money taxes. We capital got, oh, our capital got issued. I'm gonna send out the report today. So if you added everything you need to add in there or not, I haven't even looked at it yet. I'll have Chris you do it when she gets back. And then, oh, send me that. Send me your financial advisor guy, if you don't mind,

Speaker 1  14:51:29
yeah, and you're talking about the life insurance

Joseph Guzel  14:51:36
guy? Yeah, the life insurance guy, because I was doing some research getting ahead of Haven two, remember, the plan is to start paying down our cashless contributions so we don't have a double up on more leverage here. Way, the way to do it is, is to buy it out of our IRAs or our life insurance and stuff to avoid the taxes. Yeah, so, so literally, seeing if we could buy down, you know, 100k or something, of our stuff, and whether we should do that before year end or next year for tax purposes. Okay, so, okay, see what I'm saying. That's a lot. Yeah, shell out another 100k. Right.

Unknown Speaker  14:52:26
Okay, well, yeah, let's hop on my bike now. Yeah, especially they just took my car. Are you allowed to drink today? I am.

Joseph Guzel  14:52:42
Did you see rivian shut down? Didn't they like go through so she was talking about, I was gonna ask you to chat.

Speaker 1  14:52:50
I just let's I'm with his girlfriend right now, she would have mentioned something.

Joseph Guzel  14:53:01
It's, yeah, they've been just like, looking for credit up the wazoo, $5 billion I find from Volkswagen. It's not good. I should, might be good time to buy one.

Speaker 1  14:53:20
Yeah, well, I'm going to interesting. I do have top I'm super late, later, brother, peace, I'll ping you later, and Then we'll chat about it. All right,

Joseph Guzel  14:53:31
I'll see you.

Speaker 1  14:54:11
Hi, this is Adams bar. I'm not here right now, so please leave A message or send me a text. Applause,


Transcribed by https://otter.ai