Speaker 1  15:21:46
Me in for a little bit recently, too. So that was awesome. Yeah, he's, he's, he's good. He's gotten, he's gotten a lot less terrifying, and, like, older age, and he's just like, he's, he's, I need to start spending more time with him. I should have probably met with him weeks ago to talk about this, but I just didn't have time. I need, I need his help. Well, I need his help. He's somebody that can really help me with this shit. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  15:22:09
yeah, it's awesome that Jason's kind of there too, you

Unknown Speaker  15:22:12
know? Yeah, he's the

Unknown Speaker  15:22:15
perfect person to have in the mix right now.

Speaker 1  15:22:17
Well, he's, he's also Jason's, yeah, and Jason's just the good things. He looks out for my, like, mental well being. If I, if I wasn't doing well, like last year, because of all the stress, Jason would be, Jason would have wrangled everything literally, yes, 100% because he knows how on top of it. Now I'm feeling good, like I really am. It's like everybody's in a good place, and you didn't, and again, you didn't do anything wrong. Nothing was wrong. You what? Going to Caroline or anybody, was not right. It's not that it wasn't wrong. It just wasn't the right. It wasn't the smart move right now, and we knew that together, the smart move was to focus 100% on not losing momentum, because we would have burned normalized at 200,000 right now, probably, yes, you see what I mean. So, so, that's it, okay, and so, and you, and you would have, you know, just, just, it's just housekeeping. Man, like, it's just housekeeping. That's it. Like, look at, look at how quick Daniel's caught up. Man, it's so crazy.

Speaker 2  15:23:27
He's doing, he's doing okay. He has some moments, and then some other moments that he's doing

Speaker 1  15:23:31
okay. Well, I mean, don't we all like but also, just look, if you can't afford to feed him, just pay him a little bit more, an extra $300,000 to feed him. Yeah. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  15:23:51
yeah. Everyone who ate with them noticed it too. That's what I was like, we ate. We ate a full Indian meal with like six horses so, and then he came to, like, the second dinner, starving

Speaker 1  15:24:13
dude, he's a tank. He has to eat 10,000 calories a day. He's okay. It's like getting a tiger.

Unknown Speaker  15:24:19
Oh, my god,

Speaker 1  15:24:20
yeah. So walk me through, walk me through everything since yesterday, the last bit I'll tell you before I send you this roofer. Thing that I've owed you right now is I, I chatted with Jason. Also he checked, he called to check on me last night, a few hours after I talked to you, and just to talk about the other stuff. And all is good and and I told him what we're doing and that I earmarked another 1 million for EB. Let's just make it a cool million, and then we didn't get into any other detail. He was just really he was like, that's awesome, right? And he's an LP as well. So let's get that out the door as fast as humanly possible, and that's going. And then we can and then I need to noodle on what you go to McLean with. You see if you, if you went to McLean without, without this, then I can wire anything. But I'm trying. I have a I still haven't had time to email my lawyer that's supposed to unlock my email today. They talk to you at 7am because I've been on the phone the whole time for companies. Do you see? Yeah, so I can't find the time to defend myself as he does nothing. So I just need you guys to be efficient. Okay,

Speaker 2  15:25:40
yeah, 1,000% I'm fucking so Priya should have had a safe done by now. I haven't heard from three fucking 30. I

Speaker 1  15:25:47
think Priya, Priya has, has kind of been fucking up, and I don't know what's going on with her. I think it's just, I think she's such a

Unknown Speaker  15:25:56
simple so, such a simple change to the safe like, I don't

Speaker 1  15:25:59
understand, yeah. So, so, so here's what I'm set send me. Send me it and and did it have everything I needed in there that I asked for yesterday,

Speaker 2  15:26:11
she was, she was updating with everything that you asked for if

Speaker 1  15:26:15
you shoot me, if you shoot me. So it didn't have that in there. I see, okay, that takes a minute if you, if you download the safe and you give it to me, I can get a lot of that work done for her.

Unknown Speaker  15:26:29
She just, she just fucking sent it all right. They just got it over, perfect.

Unknown Speaker  15:26:35
And then I need to give you the thing, Joe, perfect. Go ahead. Sorry, Jay. Jay Guzel at Gmail, yep. And

Speaker 2  15:26:47
you know what also popped up when I searched for that, because I just

Speaker 1  15:26:51
joined Haven, but CC, but CC, my haven on everything you see, okay, and see and forward me anything that McLean sent you, he's gonna, he's about to get in a lot of trouble. But okay, it's really bad. This isn't what do you think? Okay, no, 100% and I'm not going to explain myself anymore, because it's going to waste. No, we should

Speaker 2  15:27:12
not. We don't have time for that. Okay, so forwarding you the safe that is updated board slash consent approval from the same payment already has MRL under the set under the C dot pro rata rights under the IRA as a major investor. And Joe also has a preferred director of consent rights as negotiated round. I think Joe will say here,

Speaker 1  15:27:35
and then, do we have the super pro rata rights in there?

Unknown Speaker  15:27:41
I asked her about that. And so well,

Speaker 1  15:27:43
they need to be added in just, just they have to be edited. And just tell her, put those in there. Okay, I will not have the capital to give them to to exercise them anyways. In the absence of having capital, it is to protect you from the three things that might happen that we don't really want to happen, and the three things that we want to optimize for in the future that you're never going to know. But I do. Okay, and it's in and the only thing it can mean is more money if everything's going well, or it can mean protection and leverage if we're attacked. You see, it changes nothing 100%

Speaker 2  15:28:24
and it's like you're just exercising your super Coronavirus Correct? You

Speaker 1  15:28:28
had cross link over here trying to hit you with more convertible notes, like you missed those. Right? Yes, everybody's everybody will do that to you now, right? And so now you're going to get a safe note, and I'm going to sign it, and I'm going to get it wired, and that's what we're going to focus on, because then that's the reality, even if they shove $2 million of a convertible note down your throat, at least it's only 2 million and not three you see, yeah, there, there you go. Okay, and any other here's another thing you need to add in, because I just realized that scenario could possibly happen. So what does that mean? I need language in there. Okay, that that I need a maturity date in there. First off, right? There should be a maturity date of 16 to 18 months. Tell her to do whatever is market. A maturity date implies that there is a round we can make this look like a convertible note without the interest, which should appease crosslink, is what I'm doing here. Okay, genius, fucking genius. Yeah. So, so you have the COVID and stuff like that, you put the maturity date out for 16 to 18 months. You put it as a 5 million, a five or $6 million round of equity financing, so somewhere between a bar that is higher than this, but not 10 million. Usually it would be 10. We could compromise for seven. It's okay. But if what it should do is be inclusive of this 3 million or four or up to four, I think it's three up to four. We decided, which is a good idea, because remember, you're gonna get this money. You're gonna wake up tomorrow. There's no new four on nine a and no new, fully deleted price per share for you on Pardo. Okay, that's all the same. You're also going to what you're also going to do is that this other part, I don't want to confuse it, because I'm thinking orthogonally, it's going to be the option piece. You are going to include, yeah, the maturity date, the six, six or 7 million. Ask her what she thinks is kosher up to inclusive of the note raise. So converting it as of,

Speaker 2  15:30:41
can you clarify that point? The six or 7 million is listed as in the maturity date as

Speaker 1  15:30:47
a part of the maturity date. Yeah. So if you go to any one of your convertible notes from before, right? Yep, it'll have a maturity date associated with it, because debt comes to a maturity Right, right? So what we're doing here is getting what the reason why cross sync is going to say that they want a convertible note is because they want it to be they want an end date to be able to mark to mark, mark to market. Otherwise they can just be holding a safe instrument forever that is at a higher cost basis than what they're at today, which is a 15 post. So in their books, Maureen, if they do another 2 million, they can't take their total value of their investment up to 30 post, their their investment looks like they did 2.8 million, that is worth 15 post, and then they did another 2 million that is worth 2 million, for a total of 4.8 million, worth 4.8 million, you see, I see, and that drags down their overall performance metrics, because they cannot mark the market in the in the absence of shares. So they want to know that at a future date they have, they can receive shares, and that it's not going to be a drag on their numbers forever. Okay, that makes sense. So they're in the business of getting equity, so are we, and so let's appease them, but without appeasing them, because I'm going to structure all this on it'll behave in masthead, because we have to protect your top side. And then this will shut them the fuck up, and they won't have seen this before, and they will freak out, they will go talk, and then they will have nothing to say, and they're going to look stupid, or they're going to have to just wire and shut up. They can't get castrated a third time, right? So it's in the end, the other thing you need to do is give them Harry pass through rights, right? So if, if the, if, the super pro rata. Let that be the sticking point, and then I'll remove it, because there they might even they'll look for any sticking point in the absence of not leading which they could have done, correct? Yes, right. These are all things they could have done, and things they still might do come Monday, which we need to be prepared for because now we're not talking about a 30 post cap, are we? Because that paper is out already, isn't it? And so is my investment, isn't it? That's correct, right? We don't necessarily want their investment to come in at a 30 post cap and then they eat right. You see, got it right? So that means that what we should probably do, what we should probably do is on the front page of that note, it should be up to a $4 million total investment at a $30 million cap. Nothing can go nothing can get raised above that in debt or equity without the board approval. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. It looks just like a regular term sheet right in the front, no interest rate. It's a post money cap. It converts on a as is pre money basis and everything right before net view, equity capital and options, blah, blah, and then it's going to have Haven is 1 million other investors for first close are up to two, with the option of one reserved for out to 90 days or 60 days, or into into whatever, into perpetuity. But you can't, they can't just take all of that and also have an opportunity to convert later, so maybe we should just keep it at three, forget the four. Okay. Now, mark this as a question for PREA, right? This is going to be the question for PREA is, and it will come up in a sec. Why? Right? Which is given we have to protect from a conversion. Does that mean that? Does that mean that we should actually have each note be a separate, bespoke instrument and have Haven just be 1 million at 30 post cap with all of that stuff, and not have it open ended? Oh, interesting, right? And then we could sign a board consent, but this in there too. And then we can sign a board consent that will allow for up to another two on those terms, at your discretion, you see, but having but having that round open and out, means that crosslink can get, God forbid, David Silverman's feeling better, he'll, he'll see this like he's good, right? And so then, then you're going to have the Yeah. So then it goes to the MRL. Yet everything Perry pass you Perry pass you maturity date is, however, whatever is market, and then what the maturity date, that amount, right, almost set to bias UB is, let's say that everything's going smoothly, or whatever, or, let's say you had a six month maturity date. Okay, six months from now, you were going to hit the maturity, and you had $3 million on a 30 post cap note. And then everything was boom, boom, boom. And we were in the position that we're at right now, which we know that we're going to be in, don't we, right? Which is the position of, even if we figure everything out, we're still going to be at $3 million best case scenario. So that means that we're raising our narrative. Yeah, right, yep, got it. Okay. So even if we unless you like, if, unless you learn how to tap dance, unless you learn how to juggle, right, the likely scenario is going to be a maybe seven to ten million round, right? Yep, that we try to raise after the summer. It should be relatively straightforward, right? And we're mitigating the dilution from these conversions in the pre and so it all kind of flows through. And what you don't want is what usually happens, which is, okay, you have a six month maturity, you haven't figured all this stuff out, you're running out of money. You need to raise. You're raising on a narrative. And my name is Joe Guzel, and I decided that I'm going to exercise my maturity rights like I am an aggressive investor, and I am bullish on the company, perhaps, but you, you, you know, you can't get the raise done by December. It's going to have to be March. And I'm saying I'm going to convert this maturity, and I'm going to convert all of this into the pre at a fifth at a 30 post. Damn. And so that's our new normal cap table, inclusive of option pool adjustments and everything else you see, right? Wow, wow. And the only way you and rum and Daniel can block me from my right to exercise it are one of two ways you can either suck my dick and hopefully you do a really good job. And so I decide to move it forward by a couple months by just amending the note, okay, but that's not going to happen, is it? So you're going to have to go and raise ten million of net new capital on top of just brand new dry powder in order to block it before the maturity date. You see really

Unknown Speaker  15:38:42
high bar date after whatever. Well,

Speaker 1  15:38:44
now you know, well, that's effectively what happened to you, right? 5050, different ways. So we're not going to let that happen, right? It's going, yeah, if you get a note here, it will probably a convertible note. Will probably say 12 months. We're going to make sure this is 16 or 18 months, that it's far enough if I'm the first one out, then I set a precedent here. It will not be lower. Because why would you accept something lower than that? Right? Yeah, 1,000% exactly so where you're nice and protected, but a maturity date, usually I would just have a maturity date without a total raise amount associated. I've done that too, because they're just words that won't work if crossing already said that they need to convert, uh, convertible, they're gonna they want that. They want those terms. So, so it can be $7 million or ten million or whatever is reasonable, inclusive of the three. So if we're talking 10, we're talking you need to find six, not 10. If we're talking six, you need to find three, not six, you see, I think you can do that, right? Yep, again, yeah, so that, so that's the, the cheapest, I just give you the cheapest reinsurance policy, right? Like the reinsurance deal, yeah, it's, it's the reinsurance deal. Not the, not the insurance deal, it's better. It's only for catastrophic, right? Where in

Unknown Speaker  15:40:10
that safegu, would that piece like show up?

Speaker 1  15:40:13
Would it be in the mature page two, page two or page three? In the covenants, She'll create a new section that will be ending section 11, and there'll be a covenant if it was on the license safe and she'll write it in. She's done it for me before, so we should put all this stuff on an email with me and you and her and Daniel, and then we should hop on the phone in a couple hours and and just run through it, or, like, in an hour, because I need to get a lawyer for my business. And we'll have all of this signed today, and then we'll talk about how you're going to handle a McLean conversation. But you're not, you're not, you're you're not, you're not eating dinner. Until this is signed right 1,000% I'm

Speaker 2  15:40:57
not doing anything else, Jason. Jason said to you know, you know, placate him. Just say hey, like here and talk about the round right now. You know, I'm focused on raising money right now.

Speaker 1  15:41:12
So what has he been well, why don't you give me the story of what's going on? Because I don't know anything. I've been barely busy.

Speaker 2  15:41:21
No, he's just been calling me. And so what Jason said is, I don't, don't like set off in the alarm bells

Speaker 1  15:41:27
for him. And, yeah, it doesn't set off any alarm bells. You're okay. Do not talk to him. You're not obligated to talk to him. You don't need to talk to him. Nothing has to happen. What is happening, though, is, you know that Eric chin is implicated, okay, yes. And who is Eric chin aligned with it? Okay? And so you know that Eric wants my firm right and my track record, because he wants to take them back, right? Okay? And who has more resources, them or me, they do. Okay. So what do you think is a good idea? Not do nothing? Yeah, don't I don't want to get do nothing. Do nothing. This is not these. These are your investors. They are not your board members. They are not your majority board members. You don't have to even pick up the phone for me. Okay? That you don't have you. This is not fucking high school like you. It's your company. It's your shit. You're in control. You are not answering to people, even me, period. But 100% I'm different. So so don't feel like you're getting a red mark or anything, my friend, like you're not, but because the only thing it's going to do is hurt every set and it's going to hurt me very badly for no reason, okay, and I am not in any trouble. He is okay. I can read you off the list of things that Latham put together that he is in trouble for criminally. So I'm going to save my energy. Thank you. Yeah, I have, I have 100% I have 100% access to all of my accounts minus my email. At this point, I'm considering just buying Haven vc.com and just moving on like that with the same shit, because literally nothing is different.

Speaker 2  15:43:30
You should literally just do that and get it registered for Google

Speaker 1  15:43:34
businesses. Yeah, it's honestly, that's honestly it like, if, like, if Latham can't get my thing unhooked, or it's going to seem like it's a different problem, then I'm going to let, let the LPS handle it like I did get we've been getting them up to speed. Nice, right? Eric, Eric is I have to figure out how much I'm going to destroy Him, because He is literally implicated, right? And Latham's naming him and stuff, and they're starting to collect everything, right? Yeah. So what, what you want is their money, and none of their anything else. They're just and and what Eric needs, what he needs is Haven ventures. And I can send you an audio clip of Liam Gallagher from cannonball capital last yesterday, pulling that out of my mouth without me even saying anything, right? I swear to God, he was like, here's what Eric means. Well, Eric wants Haven ventures, obviously, you see, okay, so, so please put all that stuff on an email. You need to leave off Tobias and everybody that is just us, because they are not. Haven understood, and then I'll call you back. Let's do it. All right. Love you buddy. See it. See what I'm doing. All right, I need you to help me with just help me. Help me. Know what's happening, man, you see what I'm doing. Mike's calling me back right now. To get on the phone, I need to send this stuff to my lawyer. What can you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai