Joseph Guzel  14:38:12
Hey, man, hey, how are you good? How you doing? Oh, I've been better, but I'm okay. I'm I've been dealing all day with McClain sabotaging this hire that I'm trying to make ruin this fucking poor kid's life, man, dude, he's, he's, I think he's losing it, man. I like, honestly, I don't know what to do about this guy. It's like, not funny, actually. It's, it's like, really, really, really bad. He's this kid. He called this poor kid and told him we're not hiring you after I'm giving him an offer letter. Have you ever seen anything like that? No, that's insane. Yeah, he did do that, so that's a fact. Yeah, why did he do that? Because he I, because he's because everything I told you the other day, you know, it's that, this poor kid, I gotta, I'm trying to fix this right now. So, you know, fix it. Yeah, it's, uh, I'm sorry about this, because it's like, this isn't supposed to be what this is, and it's not, and it's not going to be, I'm fixing this. That fat guy, he didn't do shit, and I talked to cross link and stuff. I'm taking care of it. But he is, he is he is fully lost it, man, yes. Have you ever dealt with anything like this? This Joey ever done this to you? Oh, my God, no. I mean, never. That's pretty crazy. I mean, yeah. I mean, look, he's, it's incredibly erratic, and he's, it's, it's all my fault. He's not qualified. He's just not qualified to do this. It was my mistake. It was a lot of this was a quid pro quo for cross link, you know, too. He joins me. They released my track record, they and then it keeps them in the money. He was supposed to be 50 million into Haven, or sorry, crossing fund nine, and he didn't, and then he ended up sabotaging that I learned later, yeah. I mean, the good thing is, an equal partner, it's incredibly difficult to do anything. You can't really do anything, and he doesn't actually understand these laws. I don't think he, I don't think he's ever interviewed for a job. Man, yeah, like, actually, sorry, sorry. I lost you. I lost you for three seconds there. What did you say?

Unknown Speaker  14:40:44
I was just saying, I'm sorry. And what a shitty situation. That is, what are you? What are you going to

Joseph Guzel  14:40:49
do? I'm sending this kid this offer letter. This kid knows everything, and he still wants to jump into the danger you're gonna love this guy. He's trained by John Klein he's in a meeting with fucking John Kleiner right now. Rithwick, yeah, here's John Klein calling me here on the other line. I'll call you right back. But hey, man, hey, just, yeah, I was just letting you know I was I'm sending this offer to riff right now is I've talked to a whole bunch of lawyers and people, and apparently McClain called RIC i have no idea what happened, but I rithwik proven that he's unflappable. I already got rithwik. I already got Rithvik. Equity in equity in Hamza, directly from Adam. He's, he's going to get a, he's going to get a Chief of Staff for, like, some badass title to, like, where he can float with them. It like, as we race Haven two or climb Guzel incorporated whatever the fuck happens next, I have no idea. And and then he's going to and that will give him, like, a lot of cachet, like, it's gonna be really good for him. And then I'm making sure I have it in writing. He's gonna be at I got, I got Adam to set up, agree to set up an office space for him and everything there. So you'll be there, be set up, and then everything is good, not sending your guy into oblivion. It's not like what I did with you, with that blonde bimbo. It, man, what this is, did you talk to him more than once? McClain, what did he do? What do you say?

Jon Kline  14:42:41
I only talked to him this morning, and effectively this morning, he told me, I called you immediately after I talked to him, and this morning he was I got the text from him that said, I effectively said that I'm he shut down with wick, oh, wow, that I told you. And then I got a text back from him a few minutes later, a few or I could probably an hour later, that said, Hey, I know that you talked to Joe.

Joseph Guzel  14:43:14
Yeah, don't respond though, because I told I, well, I told him I because he's, he's just spiraling. He can't, he doesn't actually have any power, right? It's, I just had the same conversation with cross link, because here's what I'm going to do now, John, I'm taking control, right? This has gone on long enough he, you know, crossing is 5% of the GP now, the mamco supersedes stuff, but I got ways I can fix this. So I have quite a bit of carrying cross link, and they have quite a bit of incredible talent that's trying to possibly trip. It's entirely possible that crossing is going to make a play. By the way, this is where I'll need you at some point when I give you the call. And they've hinted at this multiple times, but now it's like, it could happen, and maybe it's not a bad idea. A queen break and just like a start over and the stories would be cool. But to acquire me, to acquire US, to acquire Haven, that'd be cool. That actually really cool. Yeah, so, and then I take over crossing capital for, you know, a fun cycle. And then, you know, it'll be like a Kleiner story, or something like that. You know, would be like, it would be like my moon coming in to take over Kleiner Perkins,

Jon Kline  14:44:29
which I actually just looked at my conference. I think I have a few of your people come to my conference next

Joseph Guzel  14:44:34
week. I'm the I'm the only one with dpi. There's no generational transition. The old guys are old, and more importantly, a lot of our LPs are the same LPs. So like, the entire l pack is, you know, Haven LPs. So this probably wasn't apparent to you, but, like, he was supposed to part of the part of my leverage here, right was, and part of how it just all worked out. Like I was like, I'll take McLean off your guys's hands. I can handle him. I work well with him. He was basically like, my associate man. And then he keeps the Google money flowing. They were and then it was crossing fund nine. It was the fucking collapse of SVB in the market and all that. And then, come to find out later, because I'm they're not like I'm physically in Larry's house, man, like I played with his kids, okay? Like I'm behind the fucking kimono. McLean has zero power. He's incredibly vulnerable, right? If I went to Lucy Larry, he's fucked, and I could, and he sabotaged their 50 million bucks. They never got it. They got two or 12 because he wanted to go after David in a similar manner. That's for the same way that Jackie had that Nostradamus moment where she's like, wait, wait. He did this to David Silverman. He tried to destroy him, and he tried to destroy Matt biggie. And he blamed it on Matt biggie. He put it like, Well, Matt Biggie invested in oil and gas by doing go expedi, which is like a marketplace for roughneck construction tooling like, like, hard hats, dude, Matt's Matt's a fucking, really good guy. His son pitches for the Cubs, and he went to Harvard. Matt is from Florida. He's like, you like, he reminds me a lot of you like, he then he was an Army Ranger. He started the Honor Foundation. He's a good man. The only good people manager I've ever met in venture and and they, they, he, it all got blamed on that because he did that deal, and Matt suffered for it for a long time. He's still, he's doing well, he's still across link and stuff, but like, I let them, I let them know that today, and like, You should have heard that, like the CFO, she couldn't speak for like, 30 minutes. She was so crossed. Yeah, I'm done protecting this guy. I've given a lot of chances. This has been my most generous thing I've ever done in my life, and I'll never do it again. I

Jon Kline  14:46:55
think it's kind of weird, like, if he's actually just going through your friends and shit to do it, that's all just got kind of fucking immature. It's disgusting.

Joseph Guzel  14:47:01
It's disgusting. Yeah. Anyways, so Okay, I just wanted to make sure,

Jon Kline  14:47:08
actually, I'm looking at my sheet. Do you know Michael Stark? Oh dear. Yeah, those two guys are coming to my conference next week. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  14:47:20
I'll call them both. It

Jon Kline  14:47:21
looks like they're both. They're more like on the public side, though. But

Joseph Guzel  14:47:25
when, when is your conference next week? It's Tuesday, Wednesday. Should I go to it?

Jon Kline  14:47:32
Anyone? Chill? Most, most of the stuff, like, more layers, and you, like, my smallest company, there's probably, like, 25 million with, like, Arr,

Joseph Guzel  14:47:42
Whatever, dude. And then we can at least do a working session on the on your thing, hang out. I'll send you

Unknown Speaker  14:47:51
the info on it, and I'll we

Joseph Guzel  14:47:52
can grab Adam. We can take rithwick out, get him drunk, you know?

Jon Kline  14:47:57
I mean, I'm busy on Tuesday, but Wednesday, Wednesday night, I'm probably open.

Joseph Guzel  14:48:02
Yeah, I'll check. I mean, I might be talking out of my ass, and I might not be able to do it. But the Well, I have to go to Aspen for my Oh, yeah, you swing by for skiing. We're gonna I'll be there with for my mother in law, 60th.

Jon Kline  14:48:13
When? When are you doing that at rut what day the six

Joseph Guzel  14:48:17
through the through that Sunday. So next Thursday I leave for Aspen. Oh shit, yeah. Maybe I won't be able to make it for the conference,

Jon Kline  14:48:24
but I could. I actually was trying to go skiing on Friday the seventh, so I could actually do it on seven. Dude,

Joseph Guzel  14:48:31
come by and then and let's ski and go, and you'll ski with me and my brother in law. Like, we're up, we're going to be there, the whole family, my father in law, my brother in law, my sister in law, my wife and my mother in law, and they're fun, man, just come by and have to have, like, come with Allison. Like, have a drink. If you guys, like, we, I don't know, like, we'll be just chilling. We got Matsuhisa and stuff. But like, even if you guys just want to ski and

Jon Kline  14:48:53
operate, yeah, I'll check. I think me and Alice have fancy dinner Friday night, so I'd have to come up Friday and have to leave by like, two or three, or I'll come up on Saturday. Let me, let me check with her and see what's going

Joseph Guzel  14:49:06
on. Okay, perfect. Yeah. And then also you can meet Connor crown, who owns basman.

Jon Kline  14:49:12
That'd be cool too. Yeah? So I'd be a plan for Friday, like a half day or Saturday. I'll try to do all day, perfect.

Joseph Guzel  14:49:18
Okay? I'll call it. I'm sure I'll talk to you again today after McClain, you should just fuck with him. I'm not gonna do that. No, don't touch it. Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  14:49:29
It's too, too much reliability. Yeah, too

Joseph Guzel  14:49:31
much. Yeah, he's so stupid. God, okay, perfect. All right. Love you, John, Thank you, buddy. Good luck. Bye. Kalash Guzel, You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai