Speaker 1  15:52:50
Hey Joe, Hey pal. How are you?

Joseph Guzel  15:52:56
Oh, I'm exhausted, but, but I'm doing okay. Sorry about thanks for being so patient. I sent, obviously, open that Doc up, and it's a lot, because it's was tough to sync with lawyers this week. It was really,

Liam Gallacher  15:53:16
no, it's fine, like, it's, it's like, I'd rather like, I don't mind it being a meteor document. It's just, you know, all I did was do the first, do the first pass, kind of pass it around. But my view is that, you know, I think that just like, let me give me some like, give me some time to

Joseph Guzel  15:53:35
100, 100% 100% which, which I was hoping we would hop on because I because, obviously we weren't going to sit here and review something that you guys didn't review. Get a chance to review yet, and, and I didn't get a chance to even prep, like, how I want to talk you through it yet. And it's because you and I haven't talked on the phone since after the last mediation session, which, which, which for you, which for you, was hell, which for which. You have no idea how well you did for the home team here McLean with that last session, because you took, it sounds like you were taking, like, just a lot of shit, and it's a thank you. And what I was trying to do in that session with my posture, what and what I was trying to evoke on the text messages, brother, because it because you and I are usually 99% aligned on stuff, and I know that McLean and I are too. It's just the way that he's gone about it is what the problem always is, consistently with him. And I know him better than anybody you know. I love the guy and and so that was so that I could land the plane with you to this, like, and not, you know, some things are going to be everybody's going to lose something here, like you said in the beginning, that's how you know it's a good deal, but, but that, that last mediation session, like, gave me a new lease on life and and took care of kind of everything. Because it was all spelled out. I was able to figure out exactly what he wanted, which are two things, the May 5 stuff, which makes a ton of sense I know better than anybody, having been the only one spending time with Larry and Lucy and the kids and knowing their life, and I know their life better than anybody that is around the community or on the cap table or the LP roster. What matters and why exactly that matters, not only to them, but to McLean and to into Christina, like for each of them. And if you'll notice, in the doc, I didn't sit it that that one's swept under the rug, right? It was just about it. I wasn't trying to rub his nose in some kind of shame or get him implicated or cause a huge, massive disaster in his life like he did me. But, but anyways, the because that doesn't get us where we're all trying to go. And then two is the attribution piece, and you. And of course, every I talked to you, and I talked to Connor crown at length about this stuff, and your points were all 100% unequivocally valid. I wasn't trying to be difficult with that, with that stuff, and at all but, but what I was trying to do was where he opened up the golden bridge that is McLean, is what he said at the end of it, because it that mattered so much, because he has unlimited access to capital. So why the hell does he need me or Eric Chen, or you, or anybody else, right? He's never needed any of us, but he does need us so that, because that's how important it is. And then he, he said it right there, which was, you know, I'm okay if the brand lives on, ie that means the business. Because he, you know, he reversed the thing that he should have never done, which was the, by far the most disrespectful and hurtful and stupid thing, which was just deciding unilaterally that the business was over without consulting me or and that was it. And so he took care of that in the in the mediation call at the end, where he was like, I don't mind if the brand keeps going. I co built it, you know, I feel like I co built it, and I would prefer if it doesn't live on without me. But what he was, he was angling for, for like, Okay, well, I could Haven can keep going if, you know, I get my credit for being Steve, for being Wozniak to jobs or vice versa, right? And, of course, that makes perfect fucking sense. You did co build this place. This is your house too. That That sounds like a totally reasonable thing. And like, like, so, so, like, we'll do that together. But the but the whole and the whole things about, like, notice I'm not trying to take away his money or compensation or carry or nothing, because why would I do that? I would like to get compensated more. But that was, that was the thing I put in there as a, as a give here, because I just wasn't sure how he's going to react to things I didn't plan on. I put just the definitions of the attribute, yeah, so, so anyways, you can kind of see where I was getting

Liam Gallacher  15:58:34
at here. Like, I think my view is right. Like, you know, you ask for what you can ask for. Then we just find a way

Joseph Guzel  15:58:40
to be in the middle, yeah, which I'm trying to actually give him everything that he wants, which was always possible. Yeah,

Liam Gallacher  15:58:47
I understand that. I get that. I agree. I think that there's like, there's like things in here, like, automatically that I'm, like, we already agreed on this, then you said that you're going to have which one, the reserve thing, the reserves

Joseph Guzel  15:59:04
thing. So we didn't agree on that. I didn't agree on that. And and here what we what I was hoping to do on this call. And the reason why you wouldn't be commenting on that, on this right now, had we had the time to do this properly, which we will tomorrow, is, is I had to do all the work, you know, with a Duro and in updating my models and everything for q1 to just level set on because that's the thing that only I do here, right? We don't have partner meetings. If we had partner meetings and stuff, McLean actually wouldn't make some of the comments that, because he just isn't aware of the portfolio sometimes. And so it's, it's, I said in the last mediation, like, there's only so many decisions to make left guys, there isn't, like, all of these decisions to make when you were coming into this Liam respectively. Just Just as an example, you were like, Oh, you guys are just coming into reserves, right? And that was McLean's Posturing as well. Like, there's all this longevity. And I was, and I'm and I came in last session, I'm like, there's like three decisions to make in the absence of an exit, right? And they're all pretty much figured out. We did everything you can do here. There's really not a whole lot to talk about. And that was to pull, to pull him away from the thing that I know, that which he ran to go do, because that's what he does, is is like, Oh, I have these three easy assignments which, which are like, volta, and these things are like, those aren't work. Those are two hours a month. You know, my things are four hours a day each, right? And so, and then him justifying the reserves. Piece would be like, would be, have one benefit for him, and then some very bad benefits for the portfolio and for Haven, which would be he gets to have an excuse to just keep milking stuff and not really working or participating, and then make it saying that he is participating. Look, it's in writing. See for and then make stupid decisions with capital or block decisions with capital that are, you know, that are come to by from first principles in the work that he's not involved or has exposure to, not because he's been blocked from it. I try to bring him into all the board meetings and stuff. He just doesn't engage and so like it. I for me to move on with my wife and him with his if I'm going to have all this work that I still have to do per usual, it's got to be easy here. And so it's like, it's all, it's all, it's all the decisions that we've always made. We never made unilateral decisions here, ever just

Liam Gallacher  16:01:46
making it easy disagreeing. I'm like, you can tell me how you feel. That's fine, okay, happy for you, happy how you feel. Let me read it. Okay, okay, let me, let me read it. Let me go through it, and I'll give you my notes. Okay,

Joseph Guzel  16:02:00
and all right, sorry for talking to you, sorry for talking to you, sorry for talking to you, off. But don't apologize, man,

Liam Gallacher  16:02:05
don't apologize. I'm listening. I'm more than happy to listen. Yeah, I'm just saying that,

Joseph Guzel  16:02:11
like, and I wanted us to run through the portfolio model together and, like, make decisions together. And

Liam Gallacher  16:02:17
look, here's the thing, man, like something too, right? Like, at the end of the day, you guys went in together, okay, you guys are partners, okay? And whether you like it or not, you guys partners? Okay, yep. And, and, you know, going forward, yeah, whether you like it or not, you have to

Joseph Guzel  16:02:34
be partners too. Yeah, I totally agree. That's and that's what I'm trying

Liam Gallacher  16:02:37
to do. And so, so my view is, is we need to find an agreement, yep, whereby that happens. And so let me go through everything, okay, and then we'll talk tomorrow, and I'll, and I'll, and I'll, I'll give you, I'll give everybody my feedback. Okay, that's my job. 100%

Joseph Guzel  16:02:52
Yeah, yeah. I know you're trying to land the plane like but they look you, you already won the war here, because nobody's suing each other, all right. So, so that was why you jumped in, which, thank God you did. Okay, and if you hadn't have jumped in and done this, this very generous thing that you did for not only for cannonball, but for me, McLean, but also for all the other LPs that don't even know that you're doing this right for sure every like, we're sincerely grateful. And you did. You won the you stopped the nuclear bomb going off. So like, and we're not even shooting each other anymore. This isn't what that is that Doc, yeah, right. So, yeah, I'm just trying not to create the modern Middle East that I escaped as a refugee with some carrots, with some with a French guy and an English guy. Yeah, no, I don't what I'm what I'm avoiding is the French guy in the English guy after World War One, the Sykes pre co agreement, just taking a pen and drawing things up that fucked up my whole family, right? And why I'm in America that because, because that, because that's what, yeah, in the absence of this kind of detail and binding shit, and that's thoughtfulness, that's what is going to happen. And trust me, I'm something of an expert in that situation. Rip Saddam, right? We're

Liam Gallacher  16:04:21
gonna find, we're gonna find a happy grand. And you know all I said to McLean once you sent it was I just was like, Hey, don't get emotional. Just read it. Write down what you like, what break down what you don't like, and then we'll talk about it.

Joseph Guzel  16:04:33
Yeah, and I sent that email follow up after to try to, you know, massage.

Liam Gallacher  16:04:39
I think this is the whole, the whole reason why I've like tried to get the reason why I've wanted to do it over the phone, especially on camera, because everybody's gonna act, everyone's gonna act, and you're gonna act recently on the phone and and, you know, when someone says over on email, context, and so I, I appreciate you wanting to give context. And what we'll do is, you know, I'll read through it, and then we'll get some context tomorrow, and then we'll talk about it. If

Joseph Guzel  16:05:06
you think I should call him two on it, okay, just, just, just, just to tell them the same thing, like, I hopefully my email

Liam Gallacher  16:05:15
already, yeah, okay,

Joseph Guzel  16:05:18
the the, the Yeah. And the other thing is, is the it's on that whole camera voice recording thing, because, like everybody's, we're all recording it. And good that you are, did I even went on chat here, the level of like thoughtfulness I was trying to get to to land the plane with you on this is, is it I even went on chat GPT the other night and literally created on my GitHub account, like a, like, With code, a voice analysis protocol like to, like, analyze our sentiment when different things were said like that. Actually, when you throw an mp three into job, GPT, it doesn't actually do that, believe it or not. So I, like, I really was looking even for, like, the inflection in the voice When this was said. What is that? How do you draw a regression within a standard deviation to see whether, like, it was this or that, and this is an output of that,

Liam Gallacher  16:06:19
right? Like, I look, I don't want, I'd rather this. I talked to a client about it. I just said, look like, I don't mind if we talk every five days straight, like, let's just hammer this out. Yeah, and it's better than, it's better for us to hammer it out than have two legal teams hammered out with a bunch of people, money, totally and

Joseph Guzel  16:06:39
heartache. I mean, I still have to pay for my legal team, but it's okay.

Liam Gallacher  16:06:44
So you know for sure, I'm, you know, that's the thing. And I think, at the end of the day, I think that, like, you know, get your legal to look at it once, totally and then, you know, what I've always said is that, you know, legal teams are there. They give you the, to give you the to give you the, you know, the options. You have to pick an option because the legal team isn't, isn't gonna. And the how you pick the option is you gotta, you gotta sit there and say to yourself, Okay, like, what's reasonable? Like, legitimately reach

Joseph Guzel  16:07:11
the ball. Aren't you trained? Aren't you? Are you a trained lawyer? And, like, a Canadian lawyer, is that you that's like, that? I just, like, have a JD, no,

Liam Gallacher  16:07:19
I'm not a lawyer. My mom's a lawyer. So, yeah, but my, but, my view is, is that you got to figure out what's reasonable. The only way to do that is have empathy for the other person. Say yourself, like, if I was in this situation where I signed this and so, so my view is that what lawyers do, they always act as a message to their clients. They don't ever think about the other person. And what I'm trying to do is I'm like, All right, like, that's great, but you know what? What? What is, what is reasonable and and then we we sign it, and then we go forward. And then, so, yeah, totally, I gotta eat

Joseph Guzel  16:07:56
dinner. Yeah, yeah, yeah, totally, Hey, you think I should give Ben a call and kind of catch him up on that stuff, on everything. It's alright. Alright, cool.

Joseph Guzel  16:08:36
attribution test, all that stuff is just.
