McLain Southworth  09:11:10
It's only going to be worth it. I think if I'm not a huge f1 fan, like watching the race is awesome, I think it's only going to be worth it if we were part of some sort of event, some group, yeah. And so that's what I I think that might have one, but that's what I would rather do. I wouldn't I don't want to just buy tickets, unless there's like, a stated goal for us to go, okay, yeah, so leave that, leave that to me,

Speaker 1  09:11:37
and then what about the ADF W do we need to get the tickets for that?

McLain Southworth  09:11:44
Oh, yeah, we do need to. But I think, I don't think it's expensive, right?

Speaker 1  09:11:49
It's like 1000 I saw for, I can't remember, that's for the day or for the week. I think for the week, it's 1000 for the standard pass.

Unknown Speaker  09:11:57
That's for the fintech.

McLain Southworth  09:12:02
Yeah, my buddy, I saw that. Ray Dalio is speaking, and I ping my buddy, Matt Dalio, who's his son, who actually lives in Abu Dhabi.

Joseph Guzel  09:12:20
And for you, a few contacts that we can ping, that can help and that did stuff like this recently. I mean, we can ping that Brandon. He did a couple of f1 events for UI path for their clients. We could see like, if he had any like hookups, we could ping, uh, what's his name? Um, right over there. Remember Talal atier? He's one of our LPs, yeah.

McLain Southworth  09:12:49
Um, remember, so painting him, because remember last time we pinged him, and he's like, oh, like, he was kind of grumpy about it,

Joseph Guzel  09:12:56
yeah, yeah. He was, well, he was just everybody, and he was trying to raise his fund, and then we were just hitting him up, and we need something. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  09:13:09
so I'm gonna hit up the night, guys, I'm going to hit up. I was just, actually, I was just with this woman being reta, who runs the fund called blanking out, but she's based in Dubai. She's got a lot of contacts at the central bank. So that would be good. Daleep Got invited, actually, to a mubadala thing and f1, thing too. So I'm trying to, I'm trying to leverage that to kind of get myself and Adam and invite to the same thing. Beliefs, not going,

Joseph Guzel  09:13:39
why don't? What about the God? What is it called that fun that we went pretty far down, not, not. Yeah, there's neither. There's the other one, McLean. You remember they were, we were supposed to meet them at the

McLain Southworth  09:13:56
battery. Oh, yeah, that guy is Saudi, I think, right, the guy that used to kind of just show up and it looked like he was just, like, in some sort of marble palace.

Joseph Guzel  09:14:03
No, you're talking about Sultan. That's who is now the he's now the seat. No,

McLain Southworth  09:14:07
no, no. It wasn't Sultan. It was some other guy. This is

Joseph Guzel  09:14:11
the one where we were supposed to meet. Supposed to talk about earlier this year, last year before first, before we close the fund. Formally, it's associated mubadala. It's, I'll find it. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  09:14:26
find, find out for me. So, so, yeah, um, so, what days do we actually have here? So this is

Speaker 1  09:14:38
so you would be at f1 on December 8, and then the conference looks like it's the 10th through the 12th. So I Okay, you'd be other on the 10th.

McLain Southworth  09:14:58
Why did the person suggest that we meet on the seventh?

Speaker 1  09:15:05
Oh, actually, there's events on the 10th too, or the ninth. I mean, yeah, okay, so the ninth, 10th and then the ticket options are just a standard pass for the whole week is $1,000 but the executive All Access Pass is 10,000

McLain Southworth  09:15:24
Yeah. So it's also milking on December 6 and seventh. I mean,

Joseph Guzel  09:15:31
this will be a lot more useful. Than milking.

McLain Southworth  09:15:35
What I'm saying it's milking in Dubai. So this is Mugu dollars AGM milking in Dubai, finance week, and then this Finance Conference, like the entire week is called finance week.

Joseph Guzel  09:15:46
Yeah. I mean, if we don't get our asses over there. Jared Kushner is going to steal all the money before we do. Yeah, gangly, fuck take it all.

McLain Southworth  09:16:04
Okay, so let's

Adam Zbar  09:16:07
Honestly, I was looking on McLaren. I'm working on chatgpt says Oracle, Juniper network service. Now, are all sponsors? Any of those places for sponsors?

Joseph Guzel  09:16:21
For this, use perplexity, because it's going to be out of date. For the other one, let me see

Unknown Speaker  09:16:30
it said 2024 Oh, it

Joseph Guzel  09:16:31
got you 2024 data, okay,

Adam Zbar  09:16:33
I've got, I've got the 401. It listed something after race concert, when is VIP lounges, with the circuit private yacht parties have something called these paddock club.

Joseph Guzel  09:16:54
Who are the sponsors, anyway? What are the must attend events? Say, imagine, imagine you are a venture capital firm that became your prized portfolio. Co founder to the Middle East for f1 this December. What are the must attend events you must attend. It's

McLain Southworth  09:17:28
okay. Adam, Hong Kong's working on a cbdc, right, yeah. Where are they in the progress?

Adam Zbar  09:17:36
So we just, we worked with Hong Stang Bank, which is associated HSBC, and we worked on the E Hong. They have two initiatives, the wholesale and the retail. We just submitted a paper, I guess the long answer we just completed a phase. Short answer is, we just completed a phase by submitting, like, a paper on our UCL that was accepted by some of the different parties, and now we're moving.

McLain Southworth  09:18:07
Yeah, okay, um, okay, so I'm gonna have set up a meeting for us with my friend Francis King, who works for what's the LE chi Xing family office, to the guy that owns all the real

Unknown Speaker  09:18:23
estate in Hong Kong.

McLain Southworth  09:18:31
Cool. Okay, let me, let me. Let's do this. I'm just gonna, I'm gonna book the same flights and everything, and then I'm gonna get on a call with Milan. Right now. I'm just and just start booking these, any any connections that you guys have to end to anyone that you think might be sponsoring either f1 or or the AGM, let's, let's try to get into as many of these parties as we can, or, lack of a better word, event as we can. So I'm going to

Unknown Speaker  09:19:04
ping everyone now, the powder club, the

Joseph Guzel  09:19:06
champions club, the hospitality packages, and sounds like everything's that's for the VIP experiences. It sounds like where you want to be around is the Yas Marina circuit, yas Island, Abu Dhabi, yeah. And then let's see,

Adam Zbar  09:19:26
Joe, you're not going with us making the plane. And I've been.

Joseph Guzel  09:19:29
I mean, I very well might. I'm just trying to, I'm basically just trying to survive getting hiring going once we kind of machine going and getting this, this haven two thing propped up, and then somehow not getting dragged everywhere by my wife. Do you want to go to? Do you and Christina want to go to French Laundry on Sunday night?

Adam Zbar  09:19:52
Well, it's funny. I was trying to figure I definitely want to go. I was trying to figure out whether, because I heard you guys couldn't go, but I couldn't rally for other people fast enough, so

Unknown Speaker  09:20:02
you guys are not going at all. Joe, well,

Joseph Guzel  09:20:05
I mean, Adam pulled, I pulled every string in the book. Adam pulled strings from 20 years ago to is pretty amazing. And then, yeah, it was entirely unreasonable ask of Ashley be like, get me at seven top for French Laundry. It's only the most exclusive restaurant the world. Real fast. Oh, we don't have a lot else going on, Joe, I've been

McLain Southworth  09:20:30
at both big tables. They're both good. But do you want the one that's in the wine store?

Joseph Guzel  09:20:35
That one's even fuller? Yeah, the

Unknown Speaker  09:20:37
one I got was,

Joseph Guzel  09:20:39
yeah, Sunday 730 is what they could get. Maybe, if we, if it's just me, you and Christina, we could do a smaller thing, because I'm gonna stick around for a day or two. I think I have to go to Denver, probably on Tuesday or Wednesday next week, and so I haven't gotten a chance to break bread with Christina and take her out and stuff for Pico. So what,

McLain Southworth  09:20:58
what is I mean, did your family have to cancel? Like, why are these open slots now available? They

Joseph Guzel  09:21:04
the flight back is, is, is like, noon or three, 3pm on Sunday, JSX out of five,

Adam Zbar  09:21:12
actually, that could be fun. What about if it was me? Christina, you the lovely bride?

McLain Southworth  09:21:21
Exactly. I, unfortunately, cannot make it, sadly, because I would never pass up an opportunity for fresh.

Joseph Guzel  09:21:29
Usually, I clean and I only ping each other for never, never fun stuff like this. It's always work, yeah, just No, no, you got a lot going on. I'll ping Justine, yeah, I wonder last last night, hold of her and she connected me with somebody else from the current head chef of Slanted Door,

Adam Zbar  09:21:52
which actually, that's the owner of Slanted Door. That goes big guy. That's Charles favorite, the big man,

Joseph Guzel  09:22:01
favorite, favorite restaurants I would go there when I couldn't afford it. Yeah. So good, yeah. Okay,

Adam Zbar  09:22:08
so you don't think just yeah, let me know if you want to do it. Yeah, we'll definitely go down. We could probably find another couple to go to. Yeah.

Joseph Guzel  09:22:15
And if you guys want to call you later, I'll send you the itinerary. But if you guys want to eat us again, the wineries for wine tasting and stuff like that, let me know the you're not far from that. Sorry. What's 3540 Oh, yeah. Are you driving at the estate?

Unknown Speaker  09:22:34
Which one are you at

Joseph Guzel  09:22:35
the estate?

Adam Zbar  09:22:37
Where is that? Which that Healdsburg or Napa or Sonoma?

Unknown Speaker  09:22:43
That's a great area. Yeah,

Adam Zbar  09:22:46
I haven't been there. That's that's actually right where

McLain Southworth  09:22:50
that is where the Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  09:22:53
that's cool. Okay, yeah,

Adam Zbar  09:22:54
let's do something. Let's figure it out cool.

McLain Southworth  09:23:00
Meet Tristan, but I've already pinged Milan to get on the phone with him, and let's see. But just keep your ears peeled, like for any sort of event happening, I'll

Joseph Guzel  09:23:14
start for dollars. Yeah,

McLain Southworth  09:23:17
we figure out who the sponsors were. I sorry I wasn't paying attention. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  09:23:23
the sponsors? Who the sponsors this year? It

McLain Southworth  09:23:35
like a who's who of

Joseph Guzel  09:23:41
Rolex, Pirelli, Aramco, Heineken, DHL at the airways, Abu Dhabi National Oil Don

Adam Zbar  09:23:53
and then the US ones, like I said, were

Joseph Guzel  09:24:00
all seem to be like local, see if there's any, are there any tech sponsors? Yeah,

Adam Zbar  09:24:06
the tech ones I just mentioned to you guys, it was Oracle, Juniper Networks, NetApp and service guy, and then it said that Google sponsors the McLaren team, and Microsoft saw sponsors the Alpine team. Oh, so

McLain Southworth  09:24:23
that makes sense as to why I got to watch f1 from the McLaren box in Monaco. How do

Joseph Guzel  09:24:31
you never ask these questions when you go do these things? It blows my mind. You're like, this is great.

McLain Southworth  09:24:42
It was like me and the CEO of Vodafone and Larry, because Vodafone was the biggest sponsor of McLaren at the

Joseph Guzel  09:24:50
time. Pretty dope. So, Lenovo, Microsoft, it's all so I can, I can ask my cousin Nora, her husband, Johnny. I don't know if you met him at the wedding, but he's at AWS. It's pretty high up.

Unknown Speaker  09:25:10
Oh yeah. Also,

Joseph Guzel  09:25:14
if the cloud providers, we work with all the cloud providers, so like, if Azure, obviously Azure is up our ass. So, yeah, we could, you know, parlay that and make them think we'll get more exclusive, whatever we got to do, and then I'll figure out within the next four days. If I'm going to go, I really got to go see my dad and Romania. So

McLain Southworth  09:25:36
the Turkish guy, by the way, I didn't

Joseph Guzel  09:25:38
get a chance to talk to him yet. I got the back to back weekend events. It killed me. But I'm going to get my rain. It'll be tough to see better. And then, like, the far that they are harvest seasons over. So like they'll now he'll be back in Romania. Yeah, yeah.

McLain Southworth  09:25:56
Hey, this morning, Adam, I put in a hard pitch on your behalf to excel. KKR, a little bit early for them, but I think she's gonna want to talk to

Adam Zbar  09:26:06
you. It's interesting. Once we have the signed contract with jpm, I'll probably change it to Douglas, but yeah, I think they want 5 million plus they are something like that. No, they want 10 to 15. Well, Joe would always say, it's not AR, it's bookings, right, Joe. But Joe says, Joseph is teaching me, he's like, it's only bookings. But yeah, literally, they called me at my last company, AR zbar,

Joseph Guzel  09:26:34
it's only, it's only bookings because our gross margins 90% like so it's, it is only bookings.

Unknown Speaker  09:26:43
Anyway, that's cool. You

Joseph Guzel  09:26:44
got five minutes to stick around. McLean, we'll get off your zoom. Deanna, no, no,

McLain Southworth  09:26:48
I actually have to go meet Tristan, literally, right now, and then I have to talk to Milan right after that, but I could call you right after that, so that's gonna be, like, an hour

Adam Zbar  09:26:57
from now. Can you say I'm providing that yes, and I click your brain Yeah.

Speaker 1  09:27:02
And then just quickly before you jump McLean, so I'll book the car service in the airport to the hotel, and then should we buy the ticket for the adfw? Or you'll

McLain Southworth  09:27:14
for sure, let's, let's buy that.

Speaker 1  09:27:16
Which one the regular pass or the executive? The executive says it gets you into more of the events here, I'll show you. I've got it up.

McLain Southworth  09:27:34
All right. So this is the executive. Is this in USD? As

Unknown Speaker  09:27:39
in USD? Yeah, that's expensive. $10,000

Joseph Guzel  09:27:42
yeah, we pay dollars for the fucking upfront summit with Mark idiot suester, like, like, this is not bad.

McLain Southworth  09:27:55
Can I get you an answer by today? Yeah, that's fine.

Adam Zbar  09:27:58
My hunch is we should get the basic one, and then we always upgrade it, if we want to. A lot of times, all these things other events are kind of stupid, and we're going to want to get into these special parties that have nothing

McLain Southworth  09:28:11
to do with their events. Actually, any special parties here? I would do it, but I don't know if the opening ceremony, I don't know what that means, so look into it. There's special parties.

Joseph Guzel  09:28:20
It's just like money 2020 This is 2x of money, 2020 badge. Do you know? Yeah,

McLain Southworth  09:28:26
but I don't. But if it's like, if it's like, all this stupid bullshit, it's like,

Adam Zbar  09:28:34
one or something special.

McLain Southworth  09:28:36
If it buys access to, like, actually talking to the relevant people, I would do it, but I just don't know if it does that.

Joseph Guzel  09:28:42
Remember, it's like, it's a broad text, so, like, there, it's kind of like 10 years behind from that mindset. They might think the badges are cool. Like, like, actually,

Adam Zbar  09:28:52
I'll just put one out on a three different wall. I

Joseph Guzel  09:28:55
used to do that. Crosscount wouldn't let me buy anything. Yeah, that's me, like, 10 bucks. Yeah, I gotta think goes. Wasn't bad mortgage.

McLain Southworth  09:29:04
Okay? I have to, I have to hop I have to give me Tristan and then

Speaker 1  09:29:09
Adam. Yeah, Adam and Joe, you want to stay right? So let me Yeah.

Joseph Guzel  09:29:15
Yeah, for just a sec. I'm listening.

Adam Zbar  09:29:18
Yeah. So just on the on the JP, so the next step, the next shoe step, should fall today, which is they got the financial rating thing back. Now they have to. They should be pushing our contract through. So, okay, hopefully everything's good. I'll say everything's good until I hear otherwise. But we've been sending them daily progress reports making good progress. He's great. He's got our main bullet and our main channels, I'd say that's good. So

Joseph Guzel  09:29:52
did they, did they, did they reach? So they reach out today, and they, I guess, I guess, yeah, we never really debriefed on that. So, like, the whole, so the financial judo move, what? What came of that? Like? So, so we submitted everything. They didn't ask any questions. It

Adam Zbar  09:30:09
doesn't change, actually, our rating, our rating. Mean, they gave us a crappy financial rating last time and they gave us crappy financial rating last time. Yeah, we knew that.

Joseph Guzel  09:30:17
Yeah, we knew that. I know that, but,

Adam Zbar  09:30:18
but it didn't. They didn't make it worse. Yeah, do you think it helped? So maybe it maybe, well, the big thing it helped is I said it to Matt, and so, like, he has it in his box. So, yeah, exactly, like, just sending them good news, like, so he's the one who's gonna have to look at the crappy financial rating, like, they don't make any money, yeah. And so he'll look at that be like, ah, it doesn't matter. They're sitting on $30 million of course, right? So, yeah, hopefully it will have its intended I think

Joseph Guzel  09:30:46
it's useful. Does he bring it? Does he bring it? Oh, yeah, of course. It was useful in making sure that you've got, you know, the terms in place that you that you needed for you and your family, like that was also, I was going to do it anyways, like, yeah, there's always in the bed. I

Adam Zbar  09:30:59
think, I think it's useful. I mean, again, what the whole JB Morgan thing is its own political beast that I'm sure has all sorts of things going on that we have no idea. But within the things we can control, we're doing good stuff in value. Yeah, there's

Joseph Guzel  09:31:14
a I mean, like, Look, man, you know, say what you will about Trump and all that stuff. I spent 15 years in SF. I know the drill like, but this is if we lose this now, then we fucked up. Because this is, it's almost like a 21 year old Bitcoin fans fucking dream here, like, like, you know, Robin Hood again, we have the whole administration is pro crypto. So every everything that you know, all the naysayers, it's all validated. The CBDCs are obviously a reality. We're obviously the front runners. There's nobody else in the US that's doing anything like this. Nor can they do you have stripe, and all of them are already tackling like attacking the mid layer and the enablement layer. Stripe can't do this. It's an entirely different business, and that's our comp is before x bigger on clearance once this goes and, and that's it, like, I'm That's why I asked you the other day. I was like, are more bodies the problem? Because I'm going to say what I've been saying for a year. Unfortunately,

Adam Zbar  09:32:21
I've asked both every day. No, yeah, we already, we added the bodies. But right now, seeing this guy is going crazy,

Joseph Guzel  09:32:28
how do i What's the those, those oppoke or OPAC guys or whatever I want? I mean, I want to buy their equity.

Adam Zbar  09:32:41
Oh, yeah, I think it's just a follow up, meeting with them. I didn't really connect,

Joseph Guzel  09:32:44
yeah, I just got to connect with them.

Adam Zbar  09:32:48
I thought that's that one. And then one thing just on the on the little pico area. So we've been doing a deep dive. The one interesting thing just she's going to test all the different things she's going to test forward flow, across different verticals, as we talked about on the one that you know she likes. Actually, we found something interesting, which is there's a Swiss Re and another one called Munich, basically creating captives around data, basically data driven captives. So they're having people wear watch, basically where Muslim power Apple Watches, Fitbits, all that stuff, capturing data, and then they're basically underwriting that. And particularly Swiss Re is particularly interested in partnering with insurtechs to do that. I've partnered

Joseph Guzel  09:33:38
with all these guys. I've done mgas, with Munich Re, with Swiss Re. I know that. So

Adam Zbar  09:33:44
that would be a scenario where you could do kind of the highest Tam, but with a specific value prop. And then it said that Swiss Re is the number one thing that they're most interested in is tech companies, and number two most interested in is financial services. Yeah, distribution. I've

Joseph Guzel  09:34:03
been on boards with these guys.

Adam Zbar  09:34:05
Okay, so anyway, yeah, I tried to, I'm trying to drill down right to get to get on what you're talking about. Yeah, you

Joseph Guzel  09:34:14
definitely are the Yeah, I'm I've got more like the Matt cambick kind of thing in this space, like I spun like a big company out of American Family Insurance for crosslink. That's still one of the biggest positions I've got, so

Adam Zbar  09:34:31
I'm just trying to have Christina just here. She's trying to do both value testing on basically, the business purchase side. So she's doing a bunch of value tests. She got all the papers people who basically, you know, run SMB advertising, so she could test, you know, cyber insurance, employee benefits and see kind of what resonates. And then on the other side, which is more of a research initiative, we're kind of actually Japanese working was going down the verticals. I went down the rabbit hole on basically employee benefits captives, but we'll do a rabbit hole on DNO and different ones. The interesting thing they say is that they basically, it's what you said. It's about 20, not 25% that the person who creates the captive gets to keep, yep, which would be amazing. I mean, the average company that people is $40,000 revenue. Yeah, it'd be massive, trust me, that ain't

Joseph Guzel  09:35:27
the way to think about it, though. Is a guy that did several of them that literally, I You're like, like, that's the only thing that worries me is because you guys are still learning. So don't be dogmatic, because you guys just don't know. I don't mean dogmatic, not just learning. Yeah, the thing, the thing with it, why? Why I'm, why I'm pushing this captive thing, one of the many reasons, what I was trying to explain is what, like one, one, my intuition is 100% correct because of Ford flow and because of the earned insights, right? And it's not like my hunch on Hamza from something from Bill Campbell, this is like shit that I did in the last six years, right? Not the last 16. And so the it that mg, the MGA split like it works if, if you have a captive, I've tried it so many times, where, where, where you don't have the captive, where you're working with the captive as the MGA, and you don't actually raise, raise the fund, call it. That is the captive, like, the one I explained about my in laws, right? Like, why

Unknown Speaker  09:36:33
didn't Huckleberry work?

Joseph Guzel  09:36:36
Yeah, so, so, so, so, my So, the long winded thing, the reason why Huckleberry didn't work, brother and the what and why, all, all the other ones that we did didn't work either. There were other ones at crosslink, like, you know, Hugo and and, God, what was the other one? Tread and and kinetic, I did that one. And like, kinetic, like you talk about, like, Fitbit watches and whoops and things like that to do insurance, brother, I even took it as far. I was like, Okay, well, that that doesn't work because, like, like, but in 2016 or 2017 we were already seeing stuff that was, like, Fitbit for dogs and then insurance on top of it. So that's like, that's 10 years ago. So it's obviously not a market to look at. That's why I was trying to bite my tongue on that. But the I did Connecticut, which was like samsara sensor devices, like beepers on factory workers, like Amazon, warehouse workers, where like, if they bend, if they bend wrong, it beeps or like, tracks them, just like some sorry, and then it mitigates workers comps, comp claims, if they come back like that didn't even work. So, yeah, with the B to B ones. The reason why it didn't work is like you would think selling into Amazon, like and getting SaaS contracts for, you know, 50k plus, like working with the captives, you think that would work, but actually it wouldn't, because, at the end of the day, their policy data, like, like your fight, you couldn't actually underwrite anything bespoke, because it was a read only environment. So like the PI at the end of the day, if the if the care, Amazon, or you know, or whatever, that this is what the insurance is going to be, then that's what the insurance is going to be. And like, they don't and they don't care, like, like, they'll say 30 variables for underwriting, but, but it's really just three to five that matter. Just like, if I take you, you and Christina and the kids and I copy paste special you guys into Compton in Los Angeles, everything the same in your life, suddenly your FICO goes down by 250 points. This is a fact, right? And so it's because they can't actually underwrite them to spoke with Hamza, you can. That's what's interesting. And then the reason why the huckleberries and stuff wouldn't work, it's like, okay, SMB or consumer you know, I've done ones where you're distributing through even like the payroll providers, let's say like a trinet going toe to toe, or where you're just going direct as the MGA. It's because your your gross margin profile changes and it's fixed. There's no improvement with scale. So like at Sun basket, you know your what was in your cogs, line at Sun basket. It was all of your cost of goods sold. It was your materials, it was food, it was the fulfillment, right? It was everything related to sales and marketing to actually create the product, right? So your gross margin was, what, 50% that's what. I didn't work. It was like 30 to 40% there you go. And then what happened to your customer acquisition cost brought up, and as it went and as and even at your most efficient in your customer acquisition costs, you couldn't get over that 50% hump, could you? Well,

Adam Zbar  09:40:02
we were at the beginning. We had eight to one open view the cat. That's when I grew up. But then you had

Joseph Guzel  09:40:08
to scale. But then you had to scale the entire infrastructure to support the bigger base, right? So then it went, no

Adam Zbar  09:40:13
even had that now, the issue was just as we went up, the CAC went up, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  09:40:19
So it has so, like, you don't get efficiencies of gross margin increasing whatsoever, no matter period like and you can't actually, there's no it's very, very difficult to do upsells or product led growth, because insurance is not a product. So, so bundling is the only thing that you can do. But as an mga that doesn't own the captive, right? That isn't technically the carrier. In that analogy, you can't bundle multiple lines and then, and then it's a, so it's a, you know, you get users. Try to go out and get you couldn't get use user. You have to get a net new user every single time, because there's no has your insurance broker ever called you and sold you, like, six more things? No, yeah, exactly. So, so, so, yeah. So that's it. So that's why, in the world, in this kind of world where it's not like mobile checking your time or anything, man, so, like, it's totally different. There's no usability. There's no product that you're using, there's no software that you're using, there's no there's nothing that you're interacting with daily where, like, you know, you feel like you don't feel good about it, because you're quite literally underwriting risk. It's, uh, the only thing that's similar to it that I've that I've worked on is selling loans, but the difference is, loans are more like a product, because you get the money and then you use it for stuff, and it's very easy to give people money and credit. It's very hard to get the money back, right? So, so this is you're taking money from them. You're almost taking a loan from the consumers or the businesses. It's a reverse so, so, like, yeah, it's like, productizing alone. Think about that, like, esoterically, like, like, put putting your artistic brain on. It's like, how do you, how do you product manage a loan, right, right? Versus, like, how do you product manage a checking account? Well, boy, I can think of a lot of different ways to do different ways to do that, and I obviously have and and I have the results to show for it, right? Like, what do

Adam Zbar  09:42:39
you think about film insurance? Because you got your buddy is going gang,

Joseph Guzel  09:42:43
dude? I brought that up to you the other day when both of us

Adam Zbar  09:42:46
Employee Insurance sold production, it didn't click on my brand. It's not the insurance for the people. It's 4% of the film. Dude,

Joseph Guzel  09:42:57
I made films. I like it a lot. Adam and and, and I've been talking to Eb about that was something we were talking about day one, because I I don't believe anymore. What i i You have to just keep deleting all your preconceived notions, right? And I didn't have to do that in FinTech until we started working on what we're working on with Hansa, because the paradigm shifting so so it's, do you remember? Do you remember the card, the card, you remember the card readers back in like, the 90s where, like, especially the taxis would have it, where it was the magnetic strip, physically, where you slide it, and then they, they scratch off your numbers from your card. Yeah, that's what we're dealing with, right at JP Morgan and everywhere else. And so we're going from the magnetic strip to, you know, to AI today, to chat GBT, right? Like, that's what Hubert's building. You're using it right. Like, by the way, go in your settings and chat GPT for the love of God, and make sure that you unclick anything to train the other people's models, and don't put anything sensitive for the love of God. Like, like, it's, I

Adam Zbar  09:44:11
mean, I'm sure, right now they're teaching me, yeah, no, no, no, please. Yeah, no. 100%

Joseph Guzel  09:44:19
Yeah. Please, make sure you do that. And then, by the way,

Adam Zbar  09:44:21
if you look at open AI, you probably know this, but they're not allowing Microsoft. They run all their stuff on a private file. That's a lie. The only something wrong, that's a lie, that's a lie. Well, they run their they run their operations on a public cloud, but they run their like, their special stuff, and

Joseph Guzel  09:44:40
Fox News doesn't have propaganda, right? Like, like, that's a lie,

Adam Zbar  09:44:44
but that's the same thing you were saying, right? That they're not putting their data out. People can see it. No,

Joseph Guzel  09:44:50
they are chat GPT trains 100% of your data the same way that, if we're talking,

Adam Zbar  09:44:58
I'm saying something I'm saying something different. Sorry, no, they are stealing your data. Oh, I was saying that Microsoft's not stealing their data.

Joseph Guzel  09:45:06
Yeah, they built their own private server cloud. Yeah, they are Microsoft, man, like I'm talking about

Adam Zbar  09:45:12
the open AI companies won't let Microsoft actually see their best

Joseph Guzel  09:45:16
data. That's a lie too.

Adam Zbar  09:45:20
Well, maybe it's a liar. Maybe it's not a lie, but it does if it's true. Partially, that's a very

Joseph Guzel  09:45:25
Larry. That's a Larry confirmed why. You can ask McLean call just but the one that you can use comfortably, Adam, because these guys came from Google, by the way, is anthropic Claude. So like, I use anthropic all day long for, like, day to day work stuff, for, like, documentation, emails, like, it's it's really good at the tech stuff, not as chat GBT is the best one generally, because they keep training on all of our data, and and, and when you start using these tools more man, you'll see how. You'll see how it's it's the how UI path is a zero, and you'll see what I mean when, when I say, like you can't have digital money without blockchain, like you can't have this continue like this without blockchain. Oh no, it's super cool. Yeah, because, because, because they're training on all of our shit, and so without watching them, we can't actually track what they're training on. We can't track with the synthetic data is being predicated on or derived from. Goes back to the conversation about the cloud. Guess who's not sponsoring fucking Abu Dhabi UI path, who is service now? Okay, so So we, like, we have to own these data sets. We have to have our own racks. That has to happen. I'm right. I'm right.

Adam Zbar  09:46:59
I actually also, I've had some rough experiences recently with Microsoft's back further, those guys play hardball.

Joseph Guzel  09:47:07
I mean, don't you see what they're doing here? Like, like, go, go. No, I

Adam Zbar  09:47:12
see it. I feel it

Joseph Guzel  09:47:14
for GPT tab right here. I mean, like, like, I mean, Adam, this is, this is NetSuite, Netscape, Netscape, windows, Word, Microsoft, Word Microsoft. This, this, that, like, and then eventually they're just, they're trying. It's the same playbook from before. Man, no,

Adam Zbar  09:47:34
I feel it. You feel it. And like all, there's like ravenous beasts.

Joseph Guzel  09:47:40
Sam Altman even, like, tried to, he let something slip. The other day he got interviewed by like, Harry Stebbings from the 20 BC, and he let, he let it slip a bit where he was, like, he was, he was like, I would, you know, caution anyone building applications, like, don't build applications. That's why, like, we have everyone at the banks asking us for applications. Since we started in Brazil, the Harbinger was Safra or Santander or whoever asked us about to make that module for the real estate book for all of commercial real estate. That's Microsoft doing that. That's, that is a business unit, right? That's a business unit at Microsoft. Or slash open AI, they're the same company. Do not fool yourself, right? Do not fucking be be naive like everybody else. I know you're not. These people are snakes, right? So,

Adam Zbar  09:48:37
you know, there's a big drama going on right now. But as a Microsoft, the guy they put in Brazil has been totally out of control. And I told him I wouldn't fund the project in Brazil anymore unless they put him in check. I mean, he's, he's been, I mean, even by Microsoft standards, he's born like a total, total trainer. He's releasing press releases about, you know, the product we're building without our name. And he's talking to partners about the product without our name. And idiot, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  09:49:11
it's, it's Yeah, so it's so like, we have to own those modules like that is the pitch. What I'm telling you right now coming out of my mouth is the pitch. This is how we that term sheet that I gave you turns into $100 million term sheet. Thinner, net, this, this and that. It sounds like we don't know what the fuck we're talking about. This is happening. We're going to Mars right now. We got robots. Like, like, crypto. Like, I mean, I if you're only getting your news from TV, like, then we're fucked like, because

Adam Zbar  09:49:56
the internet for airlines, I was complaining on the United flight, and they're like, Oh, we're getting rid of all of our other stuff. We're gonna just direct connecting the starlight.

Joseph Guzel  09:50:05
Yeah, of course, this is, this is that this has been ages ago. We've been talking about this. So, so, so Verizon and all these companies are gone. Like, like, like, they're not. Those are completely gone. And, and, and that's it, and, and Google isn't doing this anymore. Like, Google knows that it lost search. Search hasn't been its business for quite a long time.

Adam Zbar  09:50:32
They just lost them because they were greening. I mean, they knew a long time ago they should be working on answers, and they were just great because I knew the guys right, like, Google

Joseph Guzel  09:50:40
is a defense company, dude, don't you see? It's a military con. It's a defense it's Lockheed Martin. It is not what it was, right? That's what it is, and, and, and so Google, like doesn't have any good AI stuff, because they never had applications. Google was never an application. Business Name, one good name, one good end to end, software product from Google, one, there isn't, kind of like insurance, right? Search is, is google.com that search bar? Is that a fucking software product? No, no. It never was. Yeah. And then it and then, literally, like, Gmail, that's not a software product. Google Maps, that's not a software product. There isn't one. It was always a Data Defense Information IT company and a hardware company. Hardware is cloud. Now it's just like building racks. So they are Intel, IBM, etc, sun, and obviously they're born of Sun Microsystems. Come on, right? So, so, so that's what, that's what they do. That's why Larry, all he's working on is quantum computing. He's been doing that since I got, you know, into the fold, and I didn't realize it was for quantum until recently. Like, like, that's why he, that's why he, he spends all his time up with desktop metal 3d printers, because, because, because it's, it's a material science problem to have quantum computing, just like you needed lithium to make battery energy work, just like you needed silicon to make transistors work, you need something to make quantum work. That is a material that we don't have on the periodic table for the cooling issue. That's why they're what they're what they're doing in space. If you read about that stuff, like, we're going to move there's a whole war for the moon. Have you read about this?

Adam Zbar  09:52:38
No, but what am I buddy? You got to meet my buddy, Felix. He's been working on basically, diamond cooled servers for the last like, 20 years. Super smart guy.

Joseph Guzel  09:52:49
Fucking we'd be speaking fucking Chinese right now, if, if Space Force didn't come out in 2016 everyone thought that was stupid. Now we're quite literally having wars for the moon with China. Not, not to get there. We can get there to literally claim pieces of it. China wants the backside of the moon. We would like, like, this is happening, and so they're going to be shooting lasers at each other up there, like Star Wars, because for mining for different materials that we can then run AI on and then use them as the transistor, or, sorry, the silicon or lithium equivalent for Quantum. Because right now, the only way to do quantum is to do it in space. So you have to shoot the supercomputer into space, because space is really fucking cold and it's a heat problem. Interesting, yeah, and so, so that's the and then the nuclear energy reactors are, what are play into that as well, obviously. So that's why Google's building a nuclear reactor. They got approval from the government that they're building several, right? Obviously, we have to, because we don't have enough electricity. But how to how this all ties back into the insurance thing is, is quite literally

Unknown Speaker  09:53:58
quantum insurance.

Joseph Guzel  09:54:00
I mean, I mean you so like start thinking like that. Actually, I told you there are our customers at Hamza showed us, showed us the answer already, trade finance is insurance. It's lending, it's credit. When I give you a credit derivative or a swap or this or that, that is an insurance product, it is, it is productized risk. That's what a credit card is. Now, that's read only, right? We are read write so, so everything we're doing at Hamza, like, don't focus on the SS and C, focus on what it means when, when literally trades settle trades. Here's, here's, here's a trade settling right now, from here to China for a zillion dollars. Let me show you. Let me show you what it looks like. Here you go. You know what it looks like? It looks like that. Done, settled, cleared. That's what we're doing. Yeah. There's no latency in the system anymore. So, so now you can do things like create Netflix. Because the trades are settling. You see, like, like, you can't have them without the cloud. You can't have Netflix without the fucking cloud. You're doing mail, CDs.

Adam Zbar  09:55:22
Basically allows you to do all this, all these types of global products available. So I gotta go into the valid guys and do lunch. We can do some good connectors, but, yeah, well, but, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  09:55:34
But think, like the way, the way I'm thinking about the the nuanced data sets and owning those right, and the service now comparison for Hamza is the way that I'm visualizing the captives. There's forward flow, the model, there's a the model works now. It works and it's cheaper. We can be we can be a carrier right now, because there are people that want to buy that risk, and it's only going to get better. And we know that because you're doing it, we can do in the competitive advantage that we have that no one else, except for samsara, Google, Tesla, these guys can do is create new kinds of products that have never existed before, never new kinds of healthcare, products for insurance, new kinds of like literally owning whole lines of business and being first, and then being first to the forward flow, which is how you win. You got to be fucking first. That's why we're doing JP Morgan, so everybody, no one else can do it. They'll be, though, it will look like everyone on the Explore GPT tab, who are all going to be zeros, unless they're published by chat GPT, because they don't have read right? And they don't own the data, and they don't own

Adam Zbar  09:56:48
any that's gonna be 100% read right? I think what I'm just, what I'm having her do, since she's still in explore mode, is see where she's seeing kind of resonance on one side and trying to use the research side. Shouldn't see where it's cheap. Lots of learning.

Joseph Guzel  09:57:06
There's lots of learning like, Look, man, I know she wants to do health like

Unknown Speaker  09:57:11
she's passionate about so much. She

Joseph Guzel  09:57:12
can do it. It's fine. So

Adam Zbar  09:57:15
I figured out a captain scenario that makes that work, right? So, yeah, I there might be a better one. I mean, I don't, ultimately, she just wants to make money. I don't

Joseph Guzel  09:57:23
know how to help there in a because I don't have, like, an answer that I haven't tried already a zillion different ways. I

Adam Zbar  09:57:34
think the big question on that one is, we call Swiss Re which are the guys who are doing the most around this stuff and say you won't buy it? Would you get but that's the question is, will they buy it? No, and if they say no, then the game's over, right? They won't. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  09:57:48
they won't. They won't. That's fine, yeah, but, but, I mean, she, what she needs to understand is even why that matters, like she needs to understand why reinsurance matter, why moving paper matters. The analogy that I used for her the phone on Friday or Saturday, whenever I was doing some things fucking stupid was, was was YouTube right? So I'm trying to because YouTube's actually a lot like being in an insurance, you know, tech company. It's not a product, it's just a channel. And so what I said, Christina, what would you do? You go, you wrap, you package up, you know, content which would be like your policy holders, guys selling you dick cells on the other side. And if the dick pill money, if the dick Bill pill, people are not buying, then you go find different content. Or you can't exactly.

Adam Zbar  09:58:45
That's what we're doing right now. That's what I'm trying to figure out. It's like, what are the guys who buy Dick bills right away.

Joseph Guzel  09:58:52
And here's the answer I gave it to you million ways from yesterday. They don't care if it's fucking pig shit insurance, as long as it's an annuity. So so they don't they want to know that if we're we're issuing risk for $1 that in I'm backstopping it, that that I'm getting this annuity, and I'm only gonna, and there's only, like, a 20% likelihood that I'm going to lose money or so I'm getting an annuity stream blended at an 80% of what I'm backstopping. That's it. So that's why we

Adam Zbar  09:59:29
have to look at it. We just have to look at all the different slices that you can basically bring these guys and say, what works. I

Joseph Guzel  09:59:36
just did a dive on the health one, just to understand what they would want. So now I understand what they want, but I'd have to ask them what they want to do. What they want is, is, is, like, it doesn't matter what they want, because we can't compete in it right now, like, we can't, until we unless we decide to go fully read write on it,

Adam Zbar  09:59:58
fully read write. And then we have to just be able to captain, basically, like, you're saying policyholders and companies they want, because we have to go get something. We have to have like, oh, we have access, you know, we're doing help to, you know, there's special companies and tech companies, and we're doing dumpster companies. We have active dumpster ultimately, it's like, can you get the customer right? There's

Joseph Guzel  10:00:17
only two things. So there's only two things in health that matter, quite literally, that everyone's buying is, is dental and vision. That's it. That's it. Which, which is great. It's fine. They're under penetrated. They're under penetrated. They have everything to do with health, unlike life insurance or HSAs or FSAs, which are really going to be owned by Jamie. That's why I fucking asked him the other month,

Adam Zbar  10:00:51
I gotta go to this lunch see buddy.

Joseph Guzel  10:00:54
Thank you so much about for that, by the way,

Adam Zbar  10:00:56
did you want to do Sunday? If I can get Justine to do it,

Joseph Guzel  10:01:00
yeah, yeah. Let's, let's, yeah, let's, let's do it. I'll call Justine here in a bit. Yeah, last night, it got too late, and I wanted, I want to, I'll call her right now confirm that she didn't cancel it or anything like that. and then. And then, worse comes to worst, we can go to that other restaurant, but I figured I want to take, Christina, do anything.

Unknown Speaker  10:01:19
Let's do it. Okay, cool. All right.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai