Joseph Guzel  11:41:20
You can't be out there, like, you know, you can't be on the road with fucking every company. Like, it's been 1818, hours a day for four years now, basically doing this and like, it's been by the issue. The issue has also been Liam that, like, he hasn't reciprocated. I always knew he wasn't, like, the hardest worker ever. That's not I knew what I was getting into. I've been working with this guy since 2000 this guy since 2017 okay, I'm not dumb. Okay. I knew he's not going to chop wood that's in and but just the sheer arrogance, like it gets back to the the family dynamic that he's in now. It didn't used to be like this, okay? He he didn't live with them in The Truman Show. I call it The Truman Show for a reason. You remember that movie? I love The Truman Show. It's so good. I love Jim Carrey, one of the great Canadians, right? Yeah. And literally, it's The Truman Show there, and he is, he's just become so out of touch. He How many times do you think he's come down to Los Angeles in three, four years?

Liam Gallacher  11:42:25
Well, it's one of those things where, like, I'll give you a quick aside, right? So, like, the lady I started my podcast, right? She, she's the girls I emailed both of you on being like, Hey, I've got a girl who's, like, got this charity she's trying to do

Joseph Guzel  11:42:40
bigger. I just saw that, yeah.

Liam Gallacher  11:42:43
And I was like, Can we like me? Can you like you guys? Talk to her? Because I need to. I need this girl to like

Liam Gallacher  11:42:50
this girl. This girl's got an amazing amount of talent, and it's one of those things where it's like, I don't she just needs to meet as many people and get connected with many

Liam Gallacher  11:42:59
people.

Joseph Guzel  11:42:59
And my wife, my wife, my wife is, you don't know, you know, my wife has her own agency, social media marketing, but she she where she worked with Irving Azoff and with Scott Stuber Molly Sims. She ran Ryan Seacrest production company. Her my grandfather in law, believe it or not, is, and her uncle on the mom's side, they were like the apostles of Latin music, one of the apostles of Latin music. They brought Vicente, Fernandez, Julio, Iglesias, Enrique Iglesias, Juan, Gabrielle, Selena, that's awesome to the states. Yeah, so cool. Yeah. It's so cool. It's so cool.

Liam Gallacher  11:43:38
So she, she has this charity that she does with kids, and she's been doing these school programs, and she did right now, and, like, she's been doing it for a long time, and she's been working with kids and whatnot. I was like, Hey, we gotta, like, find a way to get this because she's trying to raise too many bucks right to, like, get this thing

Liam Gallacher  11:43:54
going. Bernie, we're gonna go too. I thought, No, I'm not going right now on the phone with somebody. Okay. Well, give me, give me.

Speaker 1  11:44:06
Give me 15

Joseph Guzel  11:44:07
minutes. Yeah, oh, you call me back.

Liam Gallacher  11:44:10
No.

Liam Gallacher  11:44:12
So the the one thing I

Liam Gallacher  11:44:16
just wanted to make sure, if you can have a call, she's just to, she's just looking to find people that can help to raise 2 million bucks, like, I would put money in, but it's an American charity, so I don't really get anything from it. But what I'm trying to do is be like, hey, if I can put money in, I'm gonna, like, carry some fucking water produce, because I want to find a way to to get this thing over the line. But anyway, so the point that I'm trying to make is that it's like, when you if the claim isn't out in the world, meeting with people outside of, like, heads of state, okay, like if all I'm meeting with is, like the node and second Sergey and Bill and all these random fucking people, right, that have, like, way too much money, and not have way too much money, but also don't have, like, the humility to be like, hey, like, how do we, like, fix things, or whatever they just like, Oh, we're just gonna, like, do this whole lot of sense and and the other thing too, is that you need something like this is the thing that I don't think a lot of rich people understand that, like, you get up in the day to do, I don't care what that is, okay, but you need to be aligned to where the universe wants you to be. So like, when you're talking to me about crosslink, right? Not crossing. You're talking to me about Haven and doing this stuff, right? Like, you're doing this because you want to do it. You're not doing this because I was born for this. You're like, hey, yeah, that's what I mean, right? You're like, I know this, like in my in the cells in my body, deep into my soul, I know

Liam Gallacher  11:45:58
that you're supposed to

Joseph Guzel  11:45:59
be I got to this through process of elimination, right? It's, it's because I, I, I didn't know that I wanted this. I didn't land here, and I tried to figure I got here because I did every other job, and I got so fortunate, and I just, I yearn for, I love this craft, like I just love, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  11:46:18
yeah. And so that's, that's the thing, right? So, so the problem right now, problem right now is, like, I remember going back to the last dance robbery, like, I'll play basketball for free. I get paid $30 million to do it on the bullshit, right? Like the media and all that, right? I always say that, you know, when the thing stops becoming fun, okay, it's the best that's kind of where, like, you're you lose your essence, like, you lose your soul. Like, hey, like, what? Like, what's going on here? Like, this is, I shouldn't feel like I'm walking uphill all the time, right? Because I'm feeling like I'm going, sure there's gonna be

Joseph Guzel  11:46:54
absolutely, I'm being I'm being attacked. Liam, like, I mean, I'm no, like, like, like, literally, I'm dealing with this right now, like I'm trying to hire this kid who he even is currently employed. He's a key bank analyst at Key Bank, and John Klein, one of my best friends, and also a minor Haven LP, is he works with him like John, John, John and you would get along really well. He's from IO and stuff, and he's, I say, like, It's Frank watron, you and him. It's like the last real financiers and bankers in America, everybody on the planet, like he it's like, so all of the because all these kids are not trained really well these days, because the private equity firm started recruiting straight out of undergrad, uni and and so these kids are just happened to be unbelievable, and one of them were placing it every set as head of finance, one of his and the other one is this kid, riffwick, who lives in San Jose, and he's 23 and he, I gave him an like, I went above and beyond here to show like, like, I give this kid impossible case study, just, Just, and I knew he he'd deliver, which was basically deliver, deliver a massive Series B for Hamza, and set them up for success. And do everything, the fundraising attack, plan everything, and go work with Adam in a silo and make this happen, which literally is the most important thing happening at Haven right now. Adam's got a full partner pitch at Sequoia. They it's like they hired a necromancer to bring Don Valentine back from the dead for this meeting. That's how excited they are. That's how good of a job this kid did, and we need him. And love Don Valentine legend. Don Valentine so badly, so bad. They need, they need, they need. Yeah, that's a whole thing. But like, okay, and then, and so this kid is good, and I can hire him. I don't need permission from McLean, but I'm respectful of my partner, right? And again, like McLean was never an associate, he was never a partner. He was never he was really an IR. His title was venture partner. He never sat on boards. He did not need investments. He's learning. So for him, he's never interviewed for a job in his life as an associate or anything like that, or, or even for cross link, because he bought his way in. And, you know, he did, he did the firm of big solid and so, like, he's not qualified to, you know, to make any kinds of decisions on this stuff, and his behavior on the like, for example, the kid that he blocked, you know, for completely wrong reasons years before, like that just goes to show. And he's never managed anybody and stuff and so and so. He's, he's, he's been blocking. He doesn't want me to hire this kid, Liam and so, or anything. And I made it very clear that his that he kind of has lost his right to have any, you know, say in this, and he has gone now to Eric Chen Brandon deer, who's my best friend in the whole world. He was best man in my wedding. I introduced him to his wife. I was best man in his wedding. We were roommates. He is the current COO of UiPath and a haven LP, to William Cofield from Riot ventures, who's just a friend, you know. And also to John Klein, basically creating a narrative of me having like me being unstable, effectively, yeah, yeah, this is a thing I'm dealing with right now, my friend as of yesterday, yeah, not good. I

Liam Gallacher  11:50:26
can, I can. I can empathize with like. I can me too. I mean, I can empathize with like, I know where like, not really all of your achievements, like, I look back on it. I look back on it.

Speaker 2  11:50:47
Joe, like, I think the only thing that I did, like 100% on my merit, right outside of, like, my my sports and my golf and all that kind of stuff, was I got University of Alberta, right. Like, I got into, I got in years that I actually went into because my dad gave a guy a chancellor, or, like, whatever it was, right? I applied after you even allowed to apply

Liam Gallacher  11:51:08
anymore. They got me in those, like, and then I go, look at all the jobs, right? When I talk to my wife, my wife had to apply super day. Oh, dude, I got in the side. I got in the side door. So what I'm saying, it doesn't mean I didn't go there and work

Joseph Guzel  11:51:26
hard, no, but you have to. But what I'm saying, though,

Liam Gallacher  11:51:30
is that it's very difficult when you're kind of looking at it, right? This happened to me. This happened to me when I was trying to figure out what I wanted to do with my life, right? I got, I got introduced to this guy named, his name will come to me, but he lives on Vancouver Island, this guy, this guy was the first kid in a computer, like, up in like Northern BC. He has, like, Venus level, genius level, genius level ability, but he's busy, and he's the kind of guy that can code and also like beer ring leader, okay? And he can manage. He's like a unicorn, right? And so he came to, I get to choose a true friend of mine, and we're I go meet with him. We hit it off. I spent a whole bunch of time with them. If you want to start a business, let me know. So he does move his AI business anyway, it's a cool business. And so we're having these calls. It's like, hey, you know Rick, Rick? And well, I'm going to win. And so Rick is what I'm going to do, is my things you do. This is your response before, okay? And, dude, I remember waking up one day with this, like, horrific sense of dread being like, I can't do this shit. This isn't what I want to do, right? Like, this is just, this is just, like a lateral move where, like, all I am is money. All I bring to the table is money, credit and credibility. That's all I bring. I don't bring anything really out because I can't code. Like, all of the, all of the gal, I'll get more money, but that's not, that's not what I'm doing this for. I need to go find that I can really stick my teeth into products. Okay, remember, I call Rick up. I called up and like, hey, chat. Case we chat. And he said, I can't do this really. He's like, why? I'm like, kind of go through my whole thing, I told you. And he's like, man, like, I get it. He's like, I get it. I mean, like, I think that you're making the right decision. And, like, let's just say friends, and I think that's the, that's the crux, right. Like, you know, you don't actually know what to do, and you just start grasping right, rather than kind of taking a step back, sitting and saying, Hey, like, where do I go from here to this kind of right, to that optional, right, whatever. It's difficult, because when you're in McLean situation, right, you're almost kind of viewed at times as an appendage, because, oh, well, like, you're very like, son in law,

Joseph Guzel  11:53:52
or he's put himself totally, totally you're totally right, man, I've always seen that, and I that's, that's my empathy for him is where, like, I'm like, he's more than that. You know, way more than that. But so, why so? Why so? Why am I getting, why am I getting killed? Why am I getting my like, now he's trying to, he's trying to character assassinate me, to make it seem as if I'm unstable, and he's going, these are like, I think, I

Liam Gallacher  11:54:16
think I don't, I know, it's really hard not to take it personally. It is somewhat personal. Okay, it's incredibly personal. Is extremely personal because it's your reputation, and you got to fight back. And, oh, yeah, my view is that? How I look at it from his perspective, he's probably like, man, like, I brought all I brought all this money.

Joseph Guzel  11:54:34
I brought Google, he brought ten million that's what he brought. Like, okay,

Liam Gallacher  11:54:38
yeah, so he brought 10 million bucks. And so what I think, what I think it is, is, I think it's like, my view is,

Joseph Guzel  11:54:45
I'm gonna help. I need your help. You're, you're the only one I trust.

Liam Gallacher  11:54:52
Maybe we play at San Francisco, we kind of lay that, hey, look, this is kind of what we're thinking like, what's your view? Like, what? What's up with the name calling and the bullshit and all this kind of stuff. I just kind of like, put all the cards in table, and let's figure out, like, how we do this, because at the end of the day, it's like, what do you want? I think that's the biggest question. I don't know what.

Joseph Guzel  11:55:13
I don't know what he wants. He wants to be he wants to be treated. He wants to be treated. Liam, like, because I talked, you know, Eric tried to try to give me advice a while ago on this, and, you know, he the two mistakes I made are because he's so literal, right? And so McLean takes things literally, which I understand. He's a grew up with academics, you know, and he's, he's very heuristic and lateral with respect to how he thinks that, versus like, I'm more of a stem kind of like, I'm you and I are very similar with respect to like, just first principles, I'm Howard Marks, not Charlie Munger would be my hero, right? And and so in because he's an equal partner, he views himself as I am. Joe's 100% equal in all things, whether it be investment decisions, whether it be whatever, like and so when it with stuff like this, it's, it's ridiculous, like, like, the whole, the whole point of having been working together for so long before we formally spun out from this Robertson Stevens legacy Four Horsemen institution is all of this stuff is supposed to be the easy shit, and what's happened is the inverse, where all of this, all the easy stuff, has been impossible, and All the investment decision making has been excellent right now. That's good. That's good for everybody, because, God willing, everybody should be able to make money here the but the problem, the problem is this stuff like in the only thing I would have done differently that I want to do. I don't want to take his equity away or, you know, minimize his

Liam Gallacher  11:57:02
you can't, and I can't, yeah, you can't essentially what you are. I just want you're right now, okay, you're signed a CBT. He's got these. Okay, Gottlieb the dick and, and you're kind of like, you know, whatever. And you know the thing that Jimmy Ivy always saw when she was like, Look, you got to get into a process, not content. Okay, the content of this is like, you see each other to oblivion, and no one wins. Really, what you need to what we need to do is empathize. We need to get a situation where we can all empathize, right? And say, Hey, like, let's, you know, I think it comes down. It's like, what do you really want? Right? Like, what do you really want?

Joseph Guzel  11:57:45
Oh, yeah, well, I mean, he wants, he thinks I'm making this he's like, you don't make decisions in isolation and include me. And what I, what I try to tell him and show him is, is, is McClain, like, you have to be engaged. I can't have the you're putting this burden on me where there's already a communication tax by virtue of us being a remote team. You never McLean. You never make the effort to come down here or create some kind of cadence and structure. For four years, I have been, you know, dealing in and around his world, and then he's, he's, it's LP overreach, also, because I did not sign up for having to deal with Lucy and Larry and physically working in their office and building a team and building a company there that was never part of the agreement. And the fact that he uses that as leverage is, it's LP overreach. It's like a breach of fiduciary responsibility, and I cannot, we cannot manage this portfolio appropriately, like this, without resources that he doesn't allow to happen. And then he expects, he puts a burden on me, to have to bring him along on a journey that he can be on the phone for and he's more than welcome to him. He's supposed to, because he's supposed to be learning in this fund. This fund was supposed to be about him making up for lost time. Okay, because Eric chin and David Silverman and those guys did not do my boy McClain a service like he went to cross lane to learn. He could have bought his way into anything. Okay, he could have been at Khosla, he could have been at wherever, and he went there because he trusted them, and he saved that firm. Okay, he saved it. You know, better than anybody generational transition. It's like when the craps tables on a heater and then the dealer switches out. Everyone's like, ah, let's go get a drink. Yeah. And so, yeah, exactly, well, and I

Liam Gallacher  11:59:40
think that well. And I think, I think that's the biggest thing, right? I think the hard part, I think, you know, I always say that the easiest thing to do, like when I say in these situations, is you got to get in front of everybody. Everybody's got to get on the phone, not on phone in person. Oh,

Joseph Guzel  11:59:57
yeah, I tried. I've been trying. I've been trying. He's, he's been going, he's, but he's been, what do I do now? Like he's been going to around the last few days and trying to derail that higher and trying and trying to derail my my credibility,

Speaker 2  12:00:18
well.

Speaker 2  12:00:18
And I think that thinks about kind of where it goes back to where I think that 20 knows at the end of the day that the only thing that he brought to the table, this is a conscious thing, in my view, was credibility, okay? And so now he's trying to however he can.

Liam Gallacher  12:00:39
Now he's trying to do whatever he can to, like, destroy, you know, destroy it, not destroy it, right? Like people aren't dumb, right? Like people,

Joseph Guzel  12:00:49
you would be surprised. Liam, you know, better than anyone, assumption is the mother of all fuck ups. It

Liam Gallacher  12:00:55
is, I agree, I don't disagree, but I would also say to write like, my view is you kind of, you got to go on the offensive a little bit to be like, Hey, fuck you guys. Like you

Speaker 2  12:01:05
can't be, you can't be coming after my, my credibility period, full stop. Yeah. But at the same time, what I'd also be doing is you kind of need to, you need to say, I'm coming up to the bay, and we're going to sit down and we're going to talk and we're going to hammer this out like, I'm not leaving until I hammer this out with you, and

Joseph Guzel  12:01:28
I'm going to get a place up there in April for a month, because I'm going to onboard this employee, and I have to make sure that he's set up for success.

Liam Gallacher  12:01:38
Yeah, I think he will. I'm not worried about that. I think the biggest thing is that it is hyper personal. I understand that the biggest thing is, is that you don't want to, you don't want this to blow up into something where the whole thing goes like, kaboom, oh, yeah, yeah. It's like, right now we've got, right now. It's very nuanced. It's got, it's very delicate. And he's almost kind of like a wounded animal. He's

Joseph Guzel  12:02:01
threat. He's threatened to pull key man multiple times to me, and I told him the other last week I was coming back from Whistler. That's one of the reasons I was calling you. I was like, I've been a Whistler twice now this year, my wife and I love it. Whistler, so freaking awesome. Like, I just wish the elevation was higher, but, but, but either way. Like, he and, you know, I was like, I was like, McLean, like, the, you know, you keep kind of trying to dangle fun too, that it's not going to happen. Like, do you realize what, how messed up that is? Like, you're talking about my livelihood, my family, I'm married, I'm trying to and I'm not humanized to him as part of the issue. It's kind of like how in your career, at least in my career, I feel like there was instances where, like, had I been married, perhaps I would have moved up faster. You know what? I mean? It's like a natural thing and and, you know, he they haven't. He hasn't, like spent time and seen my life as much as I've seen his, and so I'm less important, I guess, and whatever, but, but it's like, you're, you're, this is my life, like this is I don't have a trillionaire sister. I don't have I take care of my mom, for God's sake. And like everything I have I earned myself and, like, it's so messed up, like on a human level. And I told him, like, you can pull the key man, you keep threatening this. I was like, it's not the mutually assured destruction that you think it is right because of the burden of proof here.

Speaker 2  12:03:38
Well, this is kind of where people don't seem to understand the legal, representations are right. Like you said, Did you pull the key man pulping over? Because what's going to happen is, is that, you know, you're going to get a lawyer, he's going to get a lawyer, lawyer, make all the money, and he's going to, he's going to blow kind of all this up, and, and, and so be it. But my, my view is, is that let's try and let's try and kind of try and, like, calm my head for bail. And, you know, I'm willing to help however I can. I would really appreciate it. Yeah, yeah, I'm willing to help. And

Liam Gallacher  12:04:13
let's chat to you. And I think that Ben is a good idea.

Joseph Guzel  12:04:16
I think it's a great

Liam Gallacher  12:04:18
idea. It's like, someone like Ben, right? Someone likes them, they can come in and and, you know, she knows all the family offices, right? Like Ben, Ben's, Ben's very great. Are

Joseph Guzel  12:04:31
you suggesting that we bring in Ben? I bring in Ben to replace McClain and minimize his role, or do we bring him in? Because I think even like Ben can manage McClain. Like, like, I think they'll he McLean will get better with a Ben. He needs structure, you know, and we all need, and look, I haven't been perfect in this Liam, like, like, you know, I've definitely, but it's like, it's just too stupid to continue like this in my in the fact that I have my reputation here, he's, he's, he's trying to create a narrative here that it's very dangerous, you know, I mean, I'm dealing with a trillionaire. I'm fighting a trillionaire, but

Liam Gallacher  12:05:11
you're getting through so I think that's the worst part. I think that that's the big you gotta we gotta find a way to let COVID surveil, figure out what you want, right? And if it's like, hey, I want, you know, like, who knows? What knows, I think right now, the problem is that everybody's kind of operating their own little silo and not communicate. And, you know, I think that let's just, let's, let's see if we can. Let's see if we can kind of walk back the doomsday clock a little bit and give us some time to figure out, like, what the right the right approach is. Because sometimes the best thing you can do is you can bring in a third partner to kind of push the mediocre partner to be like, oh shit, I'm actually not pulling my weight. So either he steps up the plate or he's like, Yeah, you know what like. And what you can also do is you bring in something like Ben, who's an LP, you know, like, he's, you've done a lot of things, you know, you can even get him to say that he would

Liam Gallacher  12:06:15
have voted for Kamala Harris,

Joseph Guzel  12:06:18
dude. It's like, I'll vote for I'll vote for anybody. I'm just trying to, like, it's like, can I just work and build this firm? Man, I want to build Citadel from first principles. We, this is we, we, we have a shot here at really doing it, because everybody sucks. It turns out we, you and I were always right. Everybody sucks. Nobody knows what they're doing. There's like, there's like, 30 people that know what they're doing, and two of them are on the phone right now. And all I want to do is just win and do good stuff and and build and like and create this thing, and we'll see, we'll see what happens. But like, I guess I don't know what to do tactically. Like, I sincerely don't, because I've tried it's because I've tried everything. I've tried everything, and like, what he's doing here is really scary, dude. I just don't know. Like, dude, sure does. Yeah, sure

Liam Gallacher  12:07:07
it is. I

Liam Gallacher  12:07:08
think, I think that. I think the big thing is, I've been going up, like, now we're meeting and we're dealing with this because you can't be, can't be talking about, you can't be talking like this in the you

Joseph Guzel  12:07:22
it's, it's, he can't, it's, that's like, really bad what he's doing, right? I mean, like, isn't it grounds for something?

Liam Gallacher  12:07:31
Wow, it kind of goes back to what my friends said, right? You know, he does have a trillionaire

Joseph Guzel  12:07:37
that makes him vulnerable, that makes him vulnerable. I mean, what should I do? A tell all book with the pages?

Liam Gallacher  12:07:43
No, but it also

Liam Gallacher  12:07:47
means that he has, like, it's like trying to stick with the IRS, unlimited resources, but,

Speaker 2  12:07:53
yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:07:53
but this is the same thing that he did with his ex wife, right? Like, I mean, I have a long history with this guy?

Liam Gallacher  12:08:02
Yeah. So what I'm saying, though, is, is that it's like, if the guy, you have to match the energy that he has, right? So you go up there, you try to try to play nice, not play nice, unfortunately, which is not a lot of fun. And then the second thing is, realistically, the record that you have, the thing that you have is you say, all right, man, I don't want to do this anymore, so you do it. And are you saying we'll just, we'll just stop at fun one, do fun two, and I'll just go out and do it on my own?

Speaker 2  12:08:31
Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:08:31
I mean, it's gonna

Liam Gallacher  12:08:32
feel like I'm starting all over again. But I know I understand that. I understand that. But the problem is, the problem is, is that you never know who somebody actually do something with somebody. That's how I view life, and so if that's what you have to do, to do it. But the thing is, though, is that you learned a lot, and they'll do really well on on part one. And if that's the absolute worst case, will still be it. Then you get to go and pick a new partner, and you learn what you want and what you don't want to do. Right? You said you're like, hey, I want somebody that is willing to divide the work properly. I'm meeting Greg Abel next week for a barbecue. And so my view is, is that you you, what you do is, if that's the worst case, Joe, it's not the it's not, it's not, it's not as if it's like, Hey, you got to move back to Bakersfield, like that. You know what I mean? Like, the worst case is that you gotta, you gotta do this, and you gotta, you gotta essentially rebirth it. That's okay. It's shit. I'm not saying that like it's ideal, but that's worse too,

Joseph Guzel  12:09:41
hopefully not another $50 million fund. I don't know it's like, I need $100 million fund, like, that's what is needed to kill it.

Liam Gallacher  12:09:52
No, you can do that. I actually think that's probably a way better. And you have to. You have every, you have every ability to do that. I just think that you know you gotta, you gotta get yourself into a situation where you can, you can kind of be else. You can be in flow versus, versus, dealing with all this bullshit. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  12:10:13
I mean, I would love to work with Ben. I feel like I would turn Ben into a beast. I've done, I've done I've done better with less. I mean, I'll tell you that much

Liam Gallacher  12:10:24
one, and I think that would be great, because he's looking for someone to think, even looking, he's looking at the barrel of having to go work with my mom like that sucks. No one wants to do that like not my mom, but she's, she's, she's not at the point where she's not. When I went to my mom, she was chomping at the bit to do stuff. Now it's kind of like, now she's, she's 10 years older, so it's just, yeah,

Liam Gallacher  12:10:50
I think, I think for I think for him, he's like, I need to find something that I can, that we can partner with, and I can, I can do something with that's what he thought was the venture capital fund department fund. And that's not really working out very well, because you can't even get off it. You can't even get

Speaker 2  12:11:04
off the ground.

Joseph Guzel  12:11:05
I just don't think that model, I don't think that model works anymore. It's like trying to open a Blackberry or gateway computer store right now. It just doesn't make sense. The world moves forward, and the asset that having the awareness that the asset class has just simply matured, like I always say that there's no I worked at a series a fund forever. I built a practice there. I can't there's no such thing as Series A. I've never been able to tell you what series A milestones are ever right? I can tell you what the B's are. I can tell you what the B's are every single day for every single it doesn't matter down to earnings per share what the milestones are, because there's always a market for there's always a finance market to finance a working business with an n of one. So so it's just seed until it's a and then Jim Foy, who built UBS with Ken Mullis back the day before going to crosslink and being one of the greatest investors in the world, my mentor, you know, told me a long time ago. He's like, Joe, we we can't hedge. And I was like, What do you mean? He's like, we can't hedge. How do I hedge? What can I do to hedge? And I was like, Okay, I guess, I guess we don't have a literal mechanism with this asset, with this sword, or this arrow in the quiver, that is our only arrow to hedge, and then, and then he's like, yeah, so how do you act? Then how should we make decisions? And I was like, Oh my God, you just made everything so much easier for me. Jim, thank you. And it's, it's that kind of self awareness that's why the real nerdy practitioners of this craft are fans of Howard Marks the irony that the bond guys are the best. Oh, I lost you.

Joseph Guzel  12:12:55
Hello, yeah, so sorry. I lost you there. But I say the irony that the bond guys are actually the best venture minds, you know, for the fanboys, right? Well, yeah. Well, Howard Marks would be like, Okay, well, all of these bonds pay 5% so these ones that everybody says are the best and they're the best in the world, the tech ones, and then, like these ones also pay 5% so why aren't they also the best? It's just first principles thinking. It's like, okay, I got it and so and so. Like, with, with, with Ben. Like, the fund of funds game isn't dead. Like, you have to ask yourself, if you're failing, I would say distribution leads product, not this idea of product. Market Fit is ridiculous. If Haven is the company, right, then the fund is the product. You find, distribution for the product. So if he's having trouble with the fund of funds, that means that there's something fundamentally wrong with it, from first principles, his product or his distribution.

Liam Gallacher  12:13:59
The issue that he's having is that he can't get registered with the USC. The USC needs to be registered. It's actually not a part issue yet, because even we haven't been able to go raise money.

Joseph Guzel  12:14:08
I forgot about the game of Canada thing.

Liam Gallacher  12:14:10
Yes. So it's like to do with, like, being able

Joseph Guzel  12:14:15
to, you know, how interesting has your politics been, by the way, over there? I know you have to run to your thing with your wife, but like, the how the Paul, that's a whole nother conversation I want to have with you at some point. It's been so interesting. I'm at

Liam Gallacher  12:14:28
a house now, so I gotta go,

Joseph Guzel  12:14:30
but call me back, because I do, I do need your help on what do I do, man, like, I don't know. I guess I got to go do damage control. Go on the offensive. It's not I've been doing it, but, like, I have, I have played offense and I have been, I came down with a hammer because he can't keep blocking these hires and some hiring this kid. Yeah, okay. Yeah, call Yeah, call me back. Yeah, take your time. Thank you so much. Bye. That made me feel so much better.
