Joseph Guzel  17:08:20
It's, I was just like, I'm fucking You. You. You helped me in a lot of ways, man. It's it you. I'm, I'm sorry about all that. And it's, uh, I can't, you handled yourself. I've never seen anything like it. You kind of scared. You almost, like, kind of scare me, like, especially with everything going on. I'm like, is this guy gonna get me now? Am I gonna feel like everybody's, it's, it's it? Talk about talking about a scary enemy, huh? Dude, we're absolutely on the same side how? Dude, I'm so stoked. Is that? Does it look like good? Is it? Are you happy with it? I got it. I have to do the other thing for the LP. It's called the it's just like a stupid legal ease for LP protection, confidentiality, no, no. Just non disclosure. You know, yeah,

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:09:17
I totally get it. So like, next steps, do I sign what you sent me?

Joseph Guzel  17:09:24
If that, if you have any questions, like, if you want to talk in the morning about it, I'm happy to but like, you've seen how you've seen how we roll. I I took care of that Adam thing to two birds of one stone. How good was that? Yeah, I just just put him right on the spot because he can't say no. He

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:09:42
gave me a call after actually, and he was like, how do you see that working out? Or, like, what do you want early? And so I just explained to him. I was like, you know, I think it'd be a fantastic opportunity to, like, fill that operational experience gap in my resume. And he was like, telling he was giving me a bunch of advice on, like, what he thinks I should do with my career. And he was just like, he's telling me a lot he had nothing but great things to say about you. He's like, Yeah, I think Joe's gonna, like, build an empire. So, you know, whatever. Just call it, like, if it's haven if it's, he said,

Joseph Guzel  17:10:17
might be Homs it, man, yeah.

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:10:19
He's, like, it could be called apple sauce for, like, just you're doing the right thing. I

Joseph Guzel  17:10:27
can't indeed, I You, you, your story might end up being man that you unlocked. It's, it's easy to get romantic about these things, and who knows what happens. Yeah, like, you know it's, it's crazy, like, and it always but, but this one feels like the only other time where I've had this man. It's, it was chime and equally impressive guys, they kind of like, look like, it's like, if you split Adam in two, you'd get Chris and Ryan, even the way that they look, right? You get the executive. You get the executive that's like, not the best executive, and Chris who doesn't like it. And then you get Ryan, who is like the technologist, savant, artist who and in between, get all this empathy and like and it was the same thing. And it feels like 2017 with that company, where it was still a lot of naysayers. There still are naysayers. You look at this stuff, they're like, it's like, what else do you want? What else do you want? You like, Can nobody just be like, You did it. It's, yeah, it's, it's like, it doesn't matter for your $56 billion valuation, or, you know, doing 10 million of run rate in going from three to nine in the in the fundraise, in the course of the fundraise, like you, we just did. That's why I'm feeling it. And everyone's like, it's like, quadruple the business by being polite. Yeah? I politely asked. I can't believe that this guy, they're not ready for this guy in the enterprise. Man, yeah. Holy shit. And so, I mean, look like, I think everything's back to the drawing board. I It's, we'll figure it out over the next couple months. You and me. Like, maybe, maybe what we do is, maybe we need two funds. Maybe we gotta, like, build an Apps fund to build on top of, to just fun fucking apps on top of amzo. Why not? Yeah, yeah, that, yeah, that, right, and then, and then turn you into fucking Gary tan, but like, like, literally, yeah, why not, yeah, he it's, it's, it's funny. I mean, it's a moment of clarity, like, and you're gonna, you're a lot more confident at your age than I was, and you're just, you're way better than I was. Man, I'm not joking. Like, in this, in this whole like operating thing, what are people that's a really good move, like in you won't get it anywhere else. And, yeah, and you got hit with the lucky stick. But I also you. I mean, I look back, I was like, I can't believe I gave you that case study, and I even wrote it like that. It's like, this guy is a fucking slave. Get it? Like, Hey, make, make our lives, fucker. It's like, that's how bad he wanted. We all, we all needed this. We all needed this so bad to happen. And like, you were, you were the match, dude, unreal. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  17:13:43
I'm so glad things worked out.

Joseph Guzel  17:13:46
Yeah, you're gonna, did stick with me. We'll help each other out. We're gonna get through this thing. I don't know what's gonna What did he say to you? By the way, I can't believe I haven't asked you yet. McLean, yeah, what happened? He called John so many times. So hold on before you say that because, because, because now it all I clicked. He was trying to fucking character assassinate me. He was trying to, like, what's the, what's, what's the analogy in like, history. He was trying to like, Trump me, man, like he was trying to Donald Trump me, like, it's kind of fucked up, like it's like the media coming after you, where it's like, say what you will about Trump, like the media has just been character assassinating everybody, and then he, he is the media, yeah, think

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:14:30
about, I get, I got the sense the entire phone call that he was just like, salty, or like, a little butthurt, and he was like, you know, just doing this without me, and

Joseph Guzel  17:14:40
it's not true, though,

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:14:44
is like, legally, like, I need to tell you that you shouldn't, you know, I would advise you to, like, just not quit your job, or if you're in any other processes, like, just until we figure this out. Like,

Joseph Guzel  17:14:56
so he was, he was respectful. He was respectful and nice.

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:15:00
Yeah, he was, he was nice to buy the way I positioned it. And I was, like, trying to be a little strategic about smart, but it was trying to be a little strategic about it. But I was like, hey, like, had no idea, you know, totally on your side. Like, let's figure this out together, type

Joseph Guzel  17:15:19
of deal. And, man, you're good. I've never been able to do that my whole life.

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:15:24
Yeah, I Well, I was, like, framing it, like, Okay, this is, you know, the end goal is, I'm at Haven. Like, where are the obstacles, and what can I do to jump around it? And like, he I had him, like, he was telling me, if you were at Haven, this is what you would do. And like, you work with me, and like, Joe would mentor you with all the BC stuff. Like, yeah, I was just, I guess, like, playing the game a little bit, but he was pretty receptive. And, you know, I got at the end of it, it was more of like, you know, I want you here to like you, you're like, a great fit. And so I got him to say that, I think that

Joseph Guzel  17:16:05
was, Oh, my God, you might be, you might be, you might be my guardian angel.

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:16:13
Yeah, I just like, I could tell what. I could just tell that he was like, a little ego hurt and trying to placate that in whatever way I could.

Joseph Guzel  17:16:23
I can't believe that that's how he did that. I mean, he he was just fucking the attacks were crazy, and especially it's just like I, because I told a man, it all, it all like hit over a Slack last night, because I it had to happen. Because it's like, I've been trying to give you this offer for a week, and I've been working on this, and I I'm like, at some point here, like I have to this is like, just not, it's not only just so disrespectful to you, but like, it's so disrespectful to this business and our LPs. And notice I haven't said me yet. You know, I, like, I'm a glutton for punishment, clearly, and I think it's just a product of my upbringing. It's I didn't, you know, I didn't come from that world. There is this Genesis claw that you get even from just growing up in the valley. I think, you know, I've seen it with other friends and and I told them, which is why I was happy I didn't start my VC career. There I came, when I started, kind of, you know, getting into my own, and it was still hard to navigate. And I told him, like, Dude, it's like, you're discrediting, you know, he's been like, discrediting, trying to discredit my abilities and stuff, but it's been more like I was super gracious with giving him credit, because I thought that's what he needed. You know, I'm 100% of all this stuff. It was all me. It was always all me, everybody knows, and there. And I just needed to, I wanted to protect him. He protected me once, when I fucked up, when I was young, and it was just stupid, like it was, like, a stupid thing. And. Yeah, you know, and then I looked out for him, and it was kind of me and him against them. Like, costly. Got dumber, we got better. Were two guys that, like, never got our fair shake, our fair do, yeah, you know, I and we worked really well together, and we make good investment decisions together. Like, at least, that was the thing that worked. Thank God, because I've seen these other it's this whole thing was worse with my friends, them all being VCs, the VC friends, because whether it's cross linked or cross cut or riot ventures or whatever like, they're all like in a weird place, riots on fund four, no DPI and their core fun cross link, no generational transition. And I'm going to tell you something about that in a second, and it should color the way that you approach these things, which even more strategic, which is, and then cross, yeah, cross cuts, going out, going out of business, and, like, no dpi, I started that firm, you know, with those guys. And I'm like, Well, I'm like, why? It's like, I'm not that lucky man, McQueen's calling me on the other line. I'll call him back later. Yeah, I don't think I'm gonna talk to him today. It's too much. But um, one sec, but the just bone Do Not Disturb. So, so there's a lot of that, because there's gonna be more carnage, man, it's gonna happen so fast. And just watch out for that shit, even among your peers, I guess is what I'm saying. Because I was always like, why didn't I move up as fast as these guys? I'm like, way, way good, and the tide washes out, and eventually can't do that many tweets and like, like, with McLean. Like, over the weekend, I went to the LPs, and I went to all the founders, like, like, everybody, and it's, it's, it's, it's kind of funny the founders, even, even last year when I was like, a like, curled up in a ball having problems with my mom, like, like, all that shit. Like the wedding batch processing my whole life, basically, from Airbnb. I was looking at an Airbnb for three years because of COVID, and then because starting this business and didn't move in with my wife until we got married. That's too much for 36 year old guy, way too much, like way, way, way too much. And then him not working. Man, he just wasn't he just wasn't working. I don't know why I why I thought he would. He was engaged in the beginning, but then it not and, and the the whole, the whole, like, the whole thing was when we were spinning out part of the leverage. Man, sounds like your track record is firm. IP, so this is, like the this is the part that nobody really realizes why I did what I did, like, how I did it. Your track record is firm. Intellectual property makes sense. Like they go, they have to raise more funds on chime, right? I only got a part of it, and that's yours forever. It's like a token, right? It's like, crypto, like, you own it self, custody, and you can't and equity can't be taken away from that. So I was like, with Daniel, I was like, Don't, God, get us out your house. Like, ah, like, like, Please, no. And the whole quid pro quo was, was the coup money and the end of this, and the that, and, like, he fucked people over that he destroyed cross link. He destroyed cross link. It away and I'm gonna fix it. I'm gonna fix it because I he's still destroying them. There's a greater than 0% chance that what this can, what might happen, and just follow my lead, like you've been doing, and pull and keep doing this, exactly whatever you've been doing, like, just that, like this, like just, if you just keep doing this, oh, my god, Scott, you're Yeah, you know my moon from Kleiner, yeah, I think that could happen to us here. Yeah, it's um, because, because Phil and Gabby don't have the track records. He fucked him out of the coop money. He's still trying to control them with it. They don't have the DPI now Haven right is a true spin out. It's a continuation of the Robertson Stevens legacy, I wanted to honor it and like the the L, the l pack, or all our it's all the same LPS right now, remember some of these assets they don't have. DPI. Got the little fun, but we have Hamza, yeah, and we have every set, and they have every set, and we have brick dynamics, they don't have brick dynamics. And we have, we have the equivalent of the chime fund of the 2014 vintage Now, interesting Homs is the one that can put the nail in the coffin for crosslink. Why? Right? Why? Well, David just had a stroke two days ago. I feel like McClain manifested it, and McClain hated David, and he tried to do the same thing that he did to me, that he did to David, didn't deserve that. And then he told and then he told them all that Matt Biggie that the reason why coup didn't invest because Matt Biggie invested in oil and gas with go expedi. It's all like, clear to me now, it's fucking go expedi is a marketplace for hard hats and shit like, like, it's like, come on. And also, he didn't do it. He didn't do it, and Matt took a lot of shit for that. Um, classic is on fun 10, there's no one there. There's no generational plan. And even if chime sells, he didn't do Eric, nobody there did chime. I did and Jim and Jim's 80. Catch my drift. Yeah. So I think we can rectify a lot of things here. I don't necessarily want to take over cross link, but one thing, one thing you'll learn, man, once we get to this application layer, and I did cast your Casper mattresses and Postmates, you don't even know about the applications I did. Do you, dude, please, just, please, don't bring anything in a box. Like nothing in a box. If it goes in a box and you sell it, send it to Adam, like, I don't want that shit. Casper mattresses, my God, sucked. Postmates sucked. Also. I did all those wave meditation. I did the black tux. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah, it should never been a venture business. Good one, though, the Yeah, once we get to this application layer, it's, brands are expensive. It's expensive to start a brand, you know, and I think it's gonna get more expensive to start a brand. So, like, it's, it's, how much is a story worth? Pretty, good, yeah, yeah. And then for you, man, like, whatever the fuck you want, I will try to make happen, like, like, whatever the hell your dreams are. Like, I hope that's what you saw, you know, with Adam and stuff? Yeah, I did see it's just trust and loyalty and keep me honest, protect me. I'll protect you. And if you like whatever you want to do, man, like whatever the hell you want to do. I got here on process of elimination. I'm living my dream. Yeah, I here's what I told McClain about you last night. Let's see. Let's see. Trust me, these decisions. Hold on. I said. I said, let's see. I said, By the way, it was a whole thing. I'll send you some tidbits later. But I was like, I was like, how late it was? 11:30pm I said, By the way, I'm hiring rithwick. I don't need your permission. It's already done, communicated. He starts in April. I didn't want him to do what he just did. I thought he was gonna call and it's scary. I should, I should have rained in the leash after Parker. It was another hire that he fucked up two years ago. This guy, that incident alone, could have landed us in serious trouble. Our family's even horrible mismanagement, not really, but I'm trying to, you know, play it up. And then, and then he was like, I did call John, actually, a full 24 hours before you lectured me on not calling him. I didn't lecture him. I ended the hiring process, which is like, Don't call my fucking friends. Yeah, behind my fucking back. Like these, John, Eric Brett Brandon, like these are like, my protectors. Like these are like, you don't know these people. He doesn't know these people. That's why it works. And notice he didn't go to the LPS that I was talking to over the weekend, because that would actually cause a problem for him, right? Rhythmic, it was informed. Did he? Did he? Uh, he, so I guess he thinks John informed me. Rithvik was informed, and he is pursuing the roles with FTV and TPG. Those weren't the ones, right? FTV, uh, congruent, yeah, I told them the truth, which is one you are doing the hiring process behind my back and without my approval. Definitely not behind his back. He was on everything you met with him. Yeah, that's true. And I'm curious what your take is on that, by the way. Like, why don't you think, what did I do wrong? Um,

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:28:35
I mean, I don't know the full behind the scenes, but

Joseph Guzel  17:28:38
feedback is feedback. Feedback is a gift.

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:28:39
Like, honestly, yeah, did you ever just, like, one on one, sit down and talk to him? Like, hey, can we hire red like, and did he ever say, like,

Joseph Guzel  17:28:51
definitely. But it's so much more complicated than that. He, He's incapable of, like, having a conversation with me that with any, with any productivity, like, Yeah, you can't. And again, it's all documented, like, Yeah, I can't get them on the phone. And when I do, I can't get them to make a decision. And when I try to put structure, like, I need structure. I need partner meetings, you know, I you especially being remote, you know, because, like, the workload wouldn't have been this imbalance. It's not like, when I give him clear direction, he doesn't help. It's like, I'm not here to delegate, yeah, delegate to you. I don't want to delegate to you. I never checked your work with never, I always have to check his and he doesn't want to, he just doesn't want to learn like, like it. I thought that the problem was cross link, and he made the problem seem like crossing like, crosslink did him dirty. He didn't get to fucking learn. And I love teaching. Like, like, I love it. I love it. And it turned out that wasn't true, because I gave him everything. I gave him all the leverage with somebody he respects. I made him an equal. I respected him so much, and I obviously tried everything for years, like, like I was, you know, you have a he had a kid. It's like, okay, I'll put, I'll put on my back. You know, you have this, you have that. And, yeah, he didn't reciprocate, and he would, he would be combative, like I was treating him like he's stupid. Yeah, weird, right?

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:30:34
I think it might help with me joining just because, like, instead of talking to you, he could talk to me and then, like, I'm kind of a middleman between you two. And like, I feel like I can speak both of your languages at the same time, and kind of help, you know, in some ways. But like, even he was texting me, he was like, he's just like, Thanks for like. He said, Thanks for the call today. And I told him, like, yeah, of course, I appreciate the heads up. And he asked if I could push talking to you. I was like, Yeah, of course. Like, I can, you know, push a conversation. And he, like, hearted my message. And so I feel like I, I like, understand that a high level, like, how what I mean I could be wrong. I don't know Well, but, you

Joseph Guzel  17:31:38
know, he's, he's, he's a good he's a good guy. Like, he's not I, I wonder, because I, and I don't want you to get sucked in, but also, you're a man, you know, like you should, you should go eat with him. Yeah, he's, he's a lot more Indian than he seems. He grew up. He grew up in Tanzania man, like, like, go eat Indian food with him. And just, like, seriously, in Palo Alto, go see his family. Go to his house. We'll take to the house. You're gonna, you're gonna be there eventually. You might see Larry and everybody. And just the when you do, it'll click, yeah, be it, because it's, it's not it, there's, it's fucking with him. I have to believe it's fucking with him.

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:32:28
I'm sure it is. I mean, I have to imagine it does in some way. But, yeah, I guess

Joseph Guzel  17:32:37
it's also, it's also, it also, let it be a lesson to all of us, because, because what I'm realizing also is so like, he was the most unpolished dude ever, right? He was like me at 21 at Intuit and like, I don't I'm not polished right now at all, right? Because I, because I've been working from home forever, you get too loose with it. That can happen to you. It will happen to you, right? That's why being around the company is good. We gotta figure out the distance thing. I'm I gotta work on my wife, I don't know. Get me to Haven two. I'll buy a house up there or condo. I'll be there constantly. And you're gonna be, you're gonna be like, doing some cool shit, man. Am like, so I'm not worried about you so much, but it's, it's having, having that structure is good because, like, you can really be, like, you can I keep saying the note coastal just because you're Indian, but, like, it's not, I promise that's not why, but Vinod is, like, the notes fucking good.

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:33:39
Yeah. I'm pumped. I'm pumped. I pumped. I'm pumped, I think in terms of, like, next steps. So you said you would send over, like, the league, yeah, it's

Joseph Guzel  17:33:49
literally, it's literally just one other doc. That's it. Okay, yeah, sign it.

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:33:56
I talked to John, and he was like, don't say anything until your bonus gets paid. And so I'm not, I'm just gonna that hits the bank account, and then I'll probably talk to Pat. And either he said, John said to just prepare in case it goes poorly. But the next couple weeks, I'll probably spend trying to get all my shit off of my work computer.

Joseph Guzel  17:34:29
Oh, yeah, if you want to buy a computer and stuff, get you, I'll get you set up with a haven email. What do you want to be?

Unknown Speaker  17:34:37
Just my name, just rhythmic,

Joseph Guzel  17:34:38
not R or something. You can have whatever you want. Yeah,

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:34:45
fine. I do think business cards would be dope. And if you have merch, love merch.

Joseph Guzel  17:34:49
Oh yeah, dude, I'm, I'm right up on you. I'm gonna, we're already talking. This is a good one with McLean, because he's, he fucking loves merch. So we have hats. We were gonna make him around Christmas. Like, what should we get? I went to this anchorage. I'm gonna send you. I'm gonna send you this thing. You won't believe this shit. Hold on. So we gotta get the vest back. If the vests are fucking back, okay, they're so back, so, so back. The anchor Summit, anchor conference, yeah, we're getting some good merch. What's the merch that like make you really cool with everybody? The vest has to be it's, it's so good

Unknown Speaker  17:35:35
bags like the the duffels. Have

Joseph Guzel  17:35:38
you seen? Have you seen my Lehman Brothers bag? No, it's original.

Unknown Speaker  17:35:46
The tech group. That's like, that's like, this

Joseph Guzel  17:35:49
is a real one, yeah, it's from Dan Myers. He was an OG, uh, partner at, on that hedge fund team at cross at crosslink, and he would come in with this stuff. And I was like, you have to will this to me, obviously. And, and when Edwin McLean and I he invested in Haven one, and then when McClain and I closed the fund, he came in the mail with it, with a note, and he was congrats, and he said, make it last. You know, it's so cool. Yeah, so cool. Where is this? I'll send you this thing. I went to the conference in Dallas, man and, oh my god, the amount of merch that these guys gave in one bag made me like, a little sick, but also pissed off, because at crosslink, like, we do a summit, it's like one flagship piece of merch, yeah, yeah. This was 16. That's crazy. It's crazy. Where's the files? Paints canvas, yeah, send ideas. And that said, such an easy thing to bond with. McLean over man, because, like, what, what? What he needs to be doing is owning the fucking brand.

Unknown Speaker  17:37:05
Man, yeah, get him excited.

Joseph Guzel  17:37:07
You should see this guy in New Mexico. He grew up with politicians, yeah. I mean, come on, it might go. My goal here is like, you're gonna get, you're gonna be like, literally, a managing director, GP, run, just run the whole thing by fun three, like, you should be there or, like, at that point, because I'm gonna, I'm gonna get you a track record. You already get, you already have it here with Hamza. You're gonna have DPI before any one of your friends ever, yeah, and then you're, you know, we're gonna set you up to be hot. It's you got you I, you know, your friend group. Like, it sounds like it's awesome. Like, like, tech wise, right? Yeah, we'll fucking invest behind you man. Like, just, just play it right. Like, do right by us. And like, we'll turn you into, you know, we'll turn you into the shit here, like, we'll turn you into the dude that, like everybody's following. You'll be speaking at the conferences. You'll be fucking we'll turn you into a luminary, because you have the potential. You and don't worry about, like, finding your angle. Worry about like, your mental. Calls and just build this fucking business. Look at look at this. Look at this. Look at this. I love, I love this shit on your text. Come like, Tell me that's not crazy. Those are all different, dude, right? What is that? Let me turn the slide on. Yeah, they were all the same brand. It was like, do I have one down here? That's actually, maybe you can see it on there. There's this. Obviously, I stole this. My friend in Dallas had stolen it. Literally, it's the nice chime. This is the good chime. This was the series B or the Series c1 um, we need ski gear. So, so we need something for skiing and for the snow. Oh, dude. McLean, you don't think you have you heard of the Yellowstone club. McLean's got the nicest house in the Yellowstone club. So we'll tell you, that's why it's just buddy up with him, dude, yeah, if I I'm making up for lost time, like I'm a guy that I never thought I was gonna be rich. I was really poor, and I'm I just love this craft. I want to build this business. I want to do impactful shit. I'm not trying to be David Rubenstein. I'm tired. I'm trying to be the guy that did all the deals and made the same money as David Rubenstein. And they their friends. It's um, because I am the shit is athletics. It's it you are an athlete like you will burn out. And whether it's my buddy Nikhil who was at Shasta then to footwork, or whether it was miles dude benchmark to thrive, to benchmark to thrive, or that would have been a good one for the analogy I gave you yesterday, where I was like, look up will Gabri. I should have showed you those guys, because you probably have heard of some of those guys, right, even Sarah tavall, or even, like, from benchmark, or even, uh, like, think of the ones that you follow. Like, yeah, they all flamed out. Like, Nitin from benchmarks still there, because that fucker was an operator, and then he became a good investor. He parlayed it correctly. You can. You're gonna do that with Hamza, dude and Adam. You know, maybe Adam comes here, but Adam will be your Bill Campbell, like, what Bill Campbell was for me? Bill Campbell was that for me? Dude, like, he's, he's a lot like, Adam, yeah, he said he was like,

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:40:56
you know, if you join, like, I would love to be like a mentor as well. That was like, really, really good too.

Joseph Guzel  17:41:02
It's, it's, you're gonna, you're gonna really get that, man, you're gonna meet some unbelievable people, and like, the mafia, you know, we'll make, we're, we'll make our own mafia here, like, with this, because I think, start thinking about, like, what you think we should be? I don't know what we should be. I kept saying Citadel from first principles. I don't know. Yeah, I'm meeting Greg Abel on Saturday. You know? Like, it's like that. I didn't even know who that was. Remember? I told you. Okay, so, so, so anyways, I'm going off on a tangent. Next steps, priority number one, merch, priority. Priority number two, I'll call McClain so it's okay. So he's like, was chill about it. He called me. He's probably gonna yell at me still and play an active fool, though I'll talk to him later.

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:41:59
Yeah. I mean, I met net. I think he's like, sold on me as well. He just doesn't want to like

Joseph Guzel  17:42:05
it. He doesn't want to admit it. So wait, did he say, like, welcome to the team?

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:42:10
No, he didn't say that. He was like, I could tell he was trying to be like, I don't want to seem like, I'm against you, because I'm not. I just, I think it's like an internal process thing and has nothing to do with you. But he was like, I think you, you'd be like, a great fit. And like, you know, all the cards are in place. I like, I, I see it like, he's just like, he made a stance, and he he just wants to, like, he doesn't want to go back on his stance right. Like, if he's, he's his stance is, hey, we need to do this the right way, or, like, whatever. And he feels a certain way, then, you know, it's, it might be harder to get him to, like, bend to your world and to just, like, you know, because, like, he's the only obstacle, really. And I don't think he wants to

Joseph Guzel  17:43:06
be, I don't think he, of course, he doesn't, yeah, I think, I think you can show him what he wants, and what he wants is he is capable of doing every he's, he's, he's. Gonna be a lot better than me. I always told him that. I said, I said, Give me one fund. I'll turn you into Mike Moritz. And he was always just missing that. The the interconnectivity. He's a Porsche 911 he just needs wheels and gas. It's he's just missing fucking wheels. It looks great. And, you know, the funny thing, man, his garage, he's got one of those stacked garages, you know, with the lift, he likes, he's so handy. He likes working on cars. Like, he's, like, an American dude, you know, it's like, it's, there aren't a lot of those left, and none of them have fucking wheels. They're all, like, kind of half finished. And like, it was, like, this is, like, a nice, this is like, I'm art, like, an art like, thing, like, right now, like, a same, is this? MoMA, like, it's uh, and then, yeah, man, okay, I'll take care of, like, let's have some fun here always. But like, do not take work seriously. I might even fly up for the day for that conference. And just like, Let's hang out, all of us, John. John is super excited. We put him through hell. Got I'm gonna get John something nice. Let me know what you what I should get him. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  17:44:37
I want to get him something as well.

Joseph Guzel  17:44:41
Get them something real nice, and then anything like get your mom something nice. Your parents are going to be stoked. Yeah, they're going to look they're going to look up our website's going to look like shit. So make sure you show them the health insurance and everything so they don't worry about you. And just say Larry Page, give

Unknown Speaker  17:45:00
mom a call, actually, that's a good point. She's still,

Joseph Guzel  17:45:03
yeah, my mom still doesn't think that I have a job. And then, and then anything else, man, just, just let me know on the offer, like I'll, I'll send you that other thing later.

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:45:19
I guess, like that on that point, more serious note, I might be like, helping out with, like, our mortgage situation, my family and so just wanted to, like, let you know that might be another reason for me to, like, move back home for at least a little bit like, the way I see this going is Lee suns in April. I probably spend the rest of 2025 at home, kind of getting, like, on my feet with McLean and just, you know, flying around with, like you guys and Adam, and probably spend that time with family a little bit more as well.

Joseph Guzel  17:46:06
But Is everyone okay? If you don't mind me asking your group, like, there's anyone sick? It's just

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:46:11
no, no one's sick. It's just mom is like, so my mom has, like, always had to work a job. And I think it's kind of like, get like, she's like, just stressing out a lot. And so she was like, I like, can't take it anymore. So I told her, like, you know, like, don't worry about it.

Joseph Guzel  17:46:29
So I've been there. I've been there. Yeah, I literally, I'm still there. You know, it's funny, like, she doesn't take my money anymore. My mom, it's it's because it's like, I started doing it. I you know, moms are, moms are weird, especially from our cultures. Yeah, you probably have it easier because of, because your dad was around like mine wasn't. And thank God for that. Trust me, even McClain would corroborate his dad. I feel like his his life started kind of sucking after his dad passed away in 2018 working together, it fucking sucked. And like, sucked, and especially because he's surrounded by strong women. Yeah, I mean, his sister subdued Larry. The other one subdued the CEO of Activision. He's like, they're just attacked everywhere. And, you know, I was, I was sending, I had to send her a couple 1000 a month. It started with that, and then next thing, I'm sending four or 5000 a month. And it's like, fuck, like, I can't catch up and be careful with that. Like, is your dad working? Dad's

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:47:37
working. He's fine. It's just, I think it's just like, I don't have, like, the best relationship with my dad, but we, you know, like, that's the age, yeah, it's, it's, it is what it is. But I think, like, things are fine. It's just, I think mom's gonna quit and, like, try, like, I want her too, and the consequences of that is, like, I might have to help out a little bit, but doesn't have any bearing on anything. I just, like, wanted to let you know, and you're

Joseph Guzel  17:48:12
not, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta watch it, because, like, and I'm just gonna tell you, it's not that you're making a wrong decision. It's just like, I've lived Fair. Similar shit. And dude, I didn't meet my dad till I was 22 and we are, like, best friends. Now I had to teach him. You think you told me I'm not a good teacher. I taught him how to be a father two weeks at a time, and now he's like, he can't get enough of me. Yeah, man, it's I. We had to learn how to be friends, like your thing with your dad, that you're gonna realize is that, by the way, you're friends with your mom, yeah, and the minute that a woman comes into your life, it's going to change. That's what I went through last year, and I'm gonna make sure that it's easy for you. Mine was like 10 Indian weddings. Too bad I'm Turkish. She's Armenian. My mom's Palestinian. I got baptized for them for no reason. It turned out they just, like, we need it. I'm like, Okay, it's and so, like, okay. So just, just keep me posted on that. Do not let that stress you up. Don't, don't let it stress you out. Because, like, don't go given your, like, your whole bonus. This, this that my plan was, we get to Haven fun with two clothes, okay? And I'm gonna give you a fat ass check. Like, like, big, you know, like, a big check. Whatever I can do, I'll do, like, if I can do $100,000 I'm gonna give you $100,000 um, $1,000 and then I'll give you your bonus after that, right? Like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna catch you up, and the claim will totally be like, yeah, cool, you know. And and get you equity everywhere I can, just like I did today. And we'll get that you want to get that quick, dude? Yeah, I know these, these founders are sharks, and so, you know, do, do not be me. I'm very miserable wearing this jacket right now. Sucks. Look at this. Ah, like it's, it's like, that should be so much money and that will change their lives, because your lives, because your parents are gonna live to, like, 150 so fall for this. Yeah, and then, and then, if you need, if you if they're, if you get burdened because your grandparents are coming, let's figure that out, like, I'll keep you in

Unknown Speaker  17:50:35
the loop with everything.

Joseph Guzel  17:50:38
Who knows? Maybe you're incubating something that we fund, and then you can, you know, for 500k and we draw it, you know what? I mean, yeah, yeah, yeah. You got a lot of moves now, yeah, two things. Well,

Rithwik Nichenametla  17:50:51
first of all, my phone's about to die. Okay, gonna go to happy hour, but so I'll sign whatever you need to me to sign on it, and then you have to bring your wife and come join me and my family at dinner. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  17:51:07
dude, let's go. Yeah. 100% 100% 100% and then, and then, fuck yeah, dude, I'll shoot you. Venmo drinks around me. Welcome to the team, man. Welcome to the team. Thank you. Peace. Bye. You Oh, man, what a kid. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  17:51:41
oh.

Joseph Guzel  17:51:51
Fresh air. Sign, baby, oh, yes, Ash, Ash, Ash,


Transcribed by https://otter.ai