Speaker 1  15:41:10
Each this was the chief of police, again, chief deputy sheriff's department, or the chief of the deputy the Sheriff's Department.

Joseph Guzel  15:41:19
Yeah, dude, those pictures were your helicopter cruise. Was like, right over this, is why I'm looking right now for my house. Did they say anything, by the way, did they say anything about, like, Did anyone ask about the acoustics in the city? Like, for music? No. So many houses burned down, especially where I am in Marina Del Rey, right? I'm kind of like, in a bowl, like, from my desk right here. I can see the Hollywood sign, not right now, because there's some fog I can I'm looking at Century City now. I'm looking at downtown. I can see all of it, and then I'm looking at the Palisades and Topanga and all that stuff, and then Altadena right over the hill, the whole view. But I can't see the PCH, so it's like a bowl. It's like a Coliseum, almost like the Hollywood Bowl, like taught to the topography. And I swear to God, my wife was saying the same thing. The acoustics are different. I can just hear a horn from further away because there's less stuff for the noise to bounce off of. Obviously,

Unknown Speaker  15:42:23
for sure, yeah, no, that's not come up.

Joseph Guzel  15:42:28
Interesting point. Yeah, it's like, It's eerie.

Speaker 1  15:42:35
It's, it is eerie. And what the weird part is like flying over that war zone to destroy buildings and everything else. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  15:42:43
that was even the craziest thing that happened this week. Literally, we were going to watts and basically the downtown, or whatever, the South Side Chicago version of LA, yeah, and

Speaker 1  15:42:59
was this prior to go to the police station? First of all, I say a call. So I go to, like, an ops center first, like, mid call to like, Hey, can I get your car keys? Some kids are about to Jack your car. That was fast. That's like, one. Then we go into the actual police station and through the bullpen in the back, and I get, like, no pre text is like, what about like, what's about to go down? I literally watch from their camera system, like, five, I think it was five murders, shooting, stabbings, curb stomping, like, literally caught on camera. Jesus,

Joseph Guzel  15:43:33
curb stomping. I haven't seen that in a minute,

Speaker 1  15:43:40
with the LAPD in those in those counties, and I met, I literally met someone who I saw kill someone on camera, like, literally just on the street, find the talking, like, talk to the cop. What I just left. Literally, it's called Mothers of murder children. God, that's where the chief of police that shit. Hey, man, I've been, I've been

Joseph Guzel  15:44:04
through it. I mean, it's, it's too much, it doesn't it, doesn't it. I'm sorry you had to see all that the No, have you ever, have you ever seen, have you ever seen anything like that before? Like, actually,

Speaker 1  15:44:16
yeah, I've seen that bodies. I've seen I got seen, I've seen shit, unfortunately, and I've been through trauma. I've been through, like, I've been through stuff. But, I mean, it should never get easy. It should never get all that stuff. But it's more the thing that was, like, the this difficult part about this week. So Sox, one of our portfolio companies series, a that closed today. Nice. And I'm trying to, like, close a deal. I know it's great. It's exciting, trying to close the deal. And, like, cool. He's being like, You got to sign my this date, do this. And blah, blah, blah guys. I just, like, literally, someone died. I don't give a fuck about signing this thing.

Joseph Guzel  15:44:52
Yeah, it's like, they don't feel not gonna die. They don't have to do any, like, you have to do shit. That's what I always say. It's like,

Unknown Speaker  15:44:58
but I'm like, I know I'm pissing you off, but I'm not telling you why. I

Unknown Speaker  15:45:01
don't care. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:45:02
I mean, it's, it's always remember, like, I told you those, they work for you. They're service providers. But we were trained by our mothers to think that they're all principals. It's, and we act accordingly. Same thing with I tell my wife all the time, the same thing, but that, you know, it's, it's, I got sent away a lot as a kid abroad because my mom wanted just me to stay out of the games I had her youngest brother, who's only five years older than me, because I was, I got the American passport being born here, but then had the red had came back as the refugee experience from the Gulf War and and had the refugee experience in Bakersfield, which is like, you know, Midland, Texas, and and my mom would send me off to places that, like she probably shouldn't have sent me off to, but I had family so scattered abroad, from, you know, between Palestine and Turkey and Israel and everything else, like the all the wars that would happen, it was like just Kuwait. Yet you end up having family in northern England and Italy and Iraq and all these places. And, like, I remember the first time I was, like, probably six, she sent me off for three months, which me at six years old. I'm 36 like, there wasn't even internet, you know. So it's like, it's like, you're you're gone, you know, like, we can't reach you. And, and there was this car crash that happened. I was with my with a my mom's cousin, who I was staying with, and it was my first time seeing a dead body and and I saw so many that year, and it was because, like, there'd be crashes or something would happen, just like we drive by every day, you and I here today, but everything's just laid out, and it's still like that in some of those countries, like I was in, like, when I was in Turkey a couple years ago, and, and I hadn't seen that in a minute where, like, you know, there's a horrific, bad car crash, and the dead bodies just there, like, bleeding out, and everyone's driving by it, you know, kids, whatever. And I'm like, so, so I guess with like this, this police thing, where my mind went right away, what you told me just now is a reminder of how protected and sheltered we are from these from life and death. You know, you were not allowed to see it, but it's happening all that.

Speaker 1  15:47:29
It's grounding. It's humbling. I'm telling you like I am, by definition, that will be later. I'm celebrating like, this was a win we got, you know, we got light speed terms. We got, you know, lead turn. We got all the things. Well, like, we got everything. We got more than we asked for. Huge win for the firm. We're huge win for the portfolio, all that, all that stuff, but like, I'm kind of, I'm glad I don't want to, like, I need, I need to have that mentality of, like, there's so much more to do, and transfer that over into work, just like, to keep driving as a motive, like, as a motivator, because that's how I compartmentalize. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:48:04
it's really, it's really, there's something, there's something it's, it's really like, it's more, it's also like, our cultures are good grounding for that. It's very old testament as a reminder of how sheltered, like, it's more, you should, don't, don't, don't process it like a goyim, like, like my not. And that's not to say like a, you know, pussy or whatever. That's not at all what that means. It means like, like process it from the perspective of like, almost a cynicism of like, appreciation. That's how I look at it. Where I'm it makes me appreciate the cops a lot more. That's why, when people don't say, defund the police, it makes me fucking sick. Like, it makes me so sick Think of how, like, I mean, I have a lot of friends that died in the military where I grew up. You either ended up in the oil fields, in jail or in the military, and then you got back, and then you probably end up killing yourself because of everything you see, yeah, PTSD like, and then you're working the oil fields, and it's, it just fucking pisses me off, man. Like, how entitled everybody's been in our industry.

Speaker 1  15:49:17
I saw so you're, you're, you're up for, like, one of the videos we saw yesterday. It was a game. It was a near the Youth Center. Youth Center is a kids gang initiation. One kid, not 12, has to fight three at a time. And it's like, you gotta but, but it's the Kobayashi Maru. It's an unwinnable situation. The kid landed upon because you have to, you have to fight back, but you also cannot win the fight. The kids swung hit. A kid connected to get barely the initi is a boxer. Had some boxing training or some shit hit the kid. Kid hits the ground and it's pavement. You see the concussion, like, hands go up, concussion, like, all that shit. Then all sudden, it's 11 on one. They're literally ripping the kids clothes off curb, stopping him, and I'm laughing. I'm like, hold on. So like, they're like, No, this is he's being initiated. He will be in this game, he will be part of this community, like, this is his community now, yep, it's just like,

Joseph Guzel  15:50:13
we're really just, we're really just animals. You know, we're primal. It's,

Speaker 1  15:50:18
it's there, it's the violence is their communication, is their life, just that they know it's, it's judgment cannot be incorporated because we cannot understand, because we don't

Joseph Guzel  15:50:29
live it. Violence. You know what I like about violence, Connor and in what I really respect about violence, is that it's fair.

Unknown Speaker  15:50:41
I mean, that example wasn't, but, sure,

Joseph Guzel  15:50:43
yeah, well, it's, it's, it's black and white, it's black, it's black and it's, no, it's, it's, he's self selected into that violence, like it's, if violence is a form, violence is a form of communication, rarely, rarely. I mean, I grew up in an environment like that. You know, it's not, it's, it's, it's, it's really so esoteric, like your reality is just whatever you're doing at any time, like, that's, you know, God, that's Yahweh, that cell of things, it's, that's the third eye, right? And so it's, it's, it's contextually, he feels like you do every day. And so did I when I was in that environment, you know, and and, and those, and those, those same guys that you know stomp on 12 guys stomping on this kid are the same ones that, like, will still do their homework sometimes, and like, be nice to their grandma. It's, it's so weird when you think about it like that, and that's why all that shit is life that's complicated, but the violence is is easy to understand. It's like, this is how we do it, and it's just strength weakness, like

Unknown Speaker  15:51:53
clear cut protocol, clear cut,

Joseph Guzel  15:51:55
clear exchange, clear exchange of of of value in a way, in a weird way, but it's a lot, it's a lot easier To understand. What I don't understand, is like, you know, being propagandized and, you know, having to justify things that don't make sense from first principles. And what doesn't make sense from first principles is all those cops sitting in that in that bullpen, watching these videos, and not being able to do anything about it, despite dedicating their lives to doing that, I've never met anyone who's a cop, and I know a lot of them who were a sheriff or anything, who or a firefighter who didn't already know they wanted to do that when I met them in elementary school. Okay, pretty much all of them, it's not like, it's like, oh, well, I couldn't get a job, you know, at Goldman Sachs, so I figured I'd just be a cop. Like, it's always a warrior class. Like,

Speaker 1  15:53:00
I've actually met the reverse. I've met the I went to Goldman, I went to this, I went to that, and then I became a cop.

Joseph Guzel  15:53:06
I think that's awesome. I've actually seen that. If my, I was, I was interviewing for all the three letter agencies out of out of undergrad, because of the economy it was, it wasn't like something I'd always like, wanted to do it. I can speak all these languages. I can speak like six, seven languages I got. And I, I'm good at analytics and statistics and people and all that shit like a chameleon, I guess, and like, and so I was interviewing for CIA, and then I made it pretty far. I didn't want to do it like I wanted to get into banking, but Lehman had collapsed just a second ago, you know, and I wasn't a pen. And so even if you're a pen. You were fucked, but, but I always regretted, like, not doing it. It always like, like, next back of me, and any chance I get to do stuff in and around it, I always love, like, the fact or you have been arresting me. So, yeah, well, I always say, would have been waterboarding my cousins the for, but hey, 90,500 tax exempt. The they would have had me in Langley running regressions, just like I was running regressions at Intuit that would have been doing the same thing. They would have been like, cloud penetration. But, well, that, well, that's why, like, with, with Hayden, Yeah, seriously, yeah. The, well, that's why, like, like, it's, it's kind of, I'm looking forward to FinTech becoming data like it is in hot like, what Hobbs is doing signifies that fintechs over from first principles, right? We're not. We shouldn't call it FinTech because, because it's not, I

Speaker 1  15:54:42
still call it it because it's evolving. That's why, that's why I still, I still keep the consistency

Joseph Guzel  15:54:50
of buying a FinTech, yeah, why? It's exhausting to explain it. It's exhausting enough to explain what Fintech is to people. You're like, one of three LPs, like, because you're not really an LP, but you are where it's like, you even get it all the other it's exhausting. You know, they're like, how many exits are there in this it's, it's, but now it's the information market. They all underwrite that all day, don't they? Fang, you know, the big eight or whatever, and and so now, you know, there's all these new Manhattan projects that I'm sure you're aware of, kind of that been around, whether it's Stony Brook or whether it's in New Mexico, where we're really, really focused. And this sovereign wealth funds coming into Haven two and that's exciting, Los Alamos lab, Sandy labs, the quantum whole push over there with, you know, McLean's family behind most of that, and everything going on in Stony Brook with Renaissance, everything, like, it's exciting. It's like, okay, at least I get to be tangentially involved in like, like, this stuff, because it's super important, what scratch the itch somehow, you know, McLean's like, can't wait, you know, because he should be doing this stuff, like, he's obviously purpose built for it. His parents were in the World Bank all that.

Speaker 1  15:56:03
Yeah, this morning, by the way. Oh, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  15:56:07
What do you think she's, uh, she's a fight. She's like a firecracker. I don't even know what she's saying half the time. No,

Unknown Speaker  15:56:14
she was great. She was great. It was, we didn't have enough time, but it was,

Joseph Guzel  15:56:18
did? She did? She pitches. She pitched just super hard.

Speaker 1  15:56:23
Ah, yeah. I mean, she actually loved us. A bunch of great stuff.

Joseph Guzel  15:56:27
That's good. She's got, like,

Unknown Speaker  15:56:30
LPs, and there's some stuff, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:56:34
she's, she's, she's, she's, she's anybody that can be, I would say anybody that can be Vinod Khosla, Chief of Staff for for as long as she was, you know, I know everything about her personality, then I didn't even need to know her. It's like, Vinod says, Son of a bitch, and then, yeah, but I was hoping I didn't know that McLean introduced you guys, because I was like, don't I don't know if Connor is publicizing that he's getting this fund of funds. Like, do not fucking pitch him. I haven't told anybody outside the firm about the fund of funds. Yeah, because I, because I, I'm not trying to blow up your spot. No,

Speaker 1  15:57:10
I told her. I told her about it, and she, she brought it out like we'll miss you. Because this is a that, you know, q2 q3 26 missing your and say she, and she got it, she would got, but she got the intent, and all that stuff, by the way, speaking of intent Conference coming out, yeah, I so you're gonna be with me the whole time. And, man, introduced me to everyone, which means you're gonna be introduced to everyone. Okay, so that's kind of been the way, the way of the road. And, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  15:57:48
what's there? That's what. That's what I figured, brother, I was just, I was just actually more curious, because just like to mentally prepare the should i Are there hundreds of people? Is there 100 people? Is it 50 people? What's the you've been there before? You know these guys. So, like, is it should I be optimizing for Hamza mentally? And that's going to back into what I have kind of in my back pocket, or should I be backing into Haven two, which I'm, you know, I'm trying to target a first close on that by June or July?

Speaker 1  15:58:22
So I would say, yeah. So I would say, John, obviously mature. Vast majority are going to be family office. Too. Perfect.

Joseph Guzel  15:58:33
Perfect. You don't have, like, a list of folks, right? I just if there's, is it mostly the Dallas folks? Is it mostly or the Texas or Chicago, or all the above?

Speaker 1  15:58:46
It's so here's the thing. I think it's like the fourth, maybe the fourth year, and I've gone to the previous three. The quality, the quantity, has not gone up. The quality has gone up. Beautiful. Diversity of location has gone up. Like last year, I want to say like it was equal weight, Chicago, Dallas, perfect.

Joseph Guzel  15:59:10
We have. We have every we have every Chicago. We have every Chicago, like, family for the most part, like, except for, like, the what's the one with a P not the prince? No, the other one, yeah, there's a man sweat. Oh yeah, man sweaters. Is that? Oh, yeah, I know you're talking about, yeah, yeah. There's a couple of the other ones. But, like, you know, but Chicago, I should buy a house on Lake Jimmy, but that's the goal.

Speaker 1  15:59:39
Yeah, I know, but this will be good. I would, yeah, I would stick with that. And we're, we'll be in really good shape. Yes, it's, like a it's a full day. The breakouts are brief. I'm excited. I'm so excited. It's usually

Joseph Guzel  15:59:56
really good timing, dude, this can be better timing. Honestly. Thank you so much. Because, like, I also just need to get I need to snap my brain into fundraising mode

Speaker 1  16:00:07
totally. So in what? So this is, historically, what we've done. I go in kind of blind, and I'll just shake hands. Me do all that stuff. Then I get the entire attendee list from Michael after the facts, and then we go through and even ones I've missed, they there's like a weird it's because of how, you know, relatively intimate the setting is they feel as if they did talk to you or bumped into you, or like it's the follow up like that sets the cycle. So, like, we all know, we're not closing the check going into the weekend, right? It's a it's gonna, it just tease up a series of pipeline conversations that. So I would enjoy it, talk to people, introduce all of our GPS, like all that stuff. Awesome. More we do that and this, like organics, just kind of happens,

Joseph Guzel  16:01:01
historical, epic, epic, epic. Do you want me? Do you? Do you have? So two more questions, I guess. One, do you have any other of like your homies, like me going, if so, do you want to invite anybody else? If so, who? And then then the answer is, not like we should obviously, it's just like, whatever you want I'm going to do. And then two are, when you go to this thing, are you marketing yourself as expanse, or are you marketing yourself as long as you or both, because you're in a different situation? And I'm used to that from McLean, obviously.

Speaker 1  16:01:38
Yeah, great question. Appreciate you asking so Michael Mann, kind of does the marketing and intro for me. He goes Tyler. Crowd comes from a major family office of Chicago. Has his own fun, and it gives the separation there in that intro, I go there as expanse registered. I do everything as expense, because Longview goes so, like, we'll be with Longview and like, it's very it's easy to make that distinction. Yes, this is my family office. I am here representing my fund. Yeah, but I can talk about both if you want to. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:02:11
yeah. You have a different problem than McLean, obviously, because your last name is famous. So that's, that's why I asked, so I can manage it for, you know, help. I don't want to split your spot.

Speaker 1  16:02:24
I say I would use, I would say respected over famous. I don't say that arrogantly, like, actually, a lot of people don't know, but then when they do make the connection, it

Joseph Guzel  16:02:32
kind of clicks. It wouldn't click. It wouldn't click. I mean, like, I've been dealing with, like, your family office since I'm 25 right? And then we met, and then we were hanging out for two hours before it clicked. So it's, so it's, that's how it goes. But yeah, if it's all other folks from, like, that side of the industry, and so I'm just, you know, my first time going to something like this with you brother. Just want to show up.

Speaker 1  16:02:56
Good, right? So to your to your other question, or other part of the question. No invite needed. I'm gonna have some. Darcy is bringing his dad. He's a family business out of Indiana, confidentially, they're gonna, like, sell, don't, obviously, bring any of that stuff up organically, but don't bring it up. He's 100k check in my fund up. I think it's gonna have size to a million. He's like, I'm hopeful to get him by mid Feb. So, like this time, he could not be perfect, more perfect. So that's like, just someone with his dad that I will probably be, according, choosing a little bit, but I know there's again, I don't, I'm not going in with a, like a set of things. I'll be, I'll be very, very clear in my introductions of who people are, the connection, affiliation, all that stuff, and then we'll ride from that. But the way I want to do it is I'm bringing one of my partners. I wouldn't, I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't value or respect all the shit that you're doing and my excitement about what you're doing. I want, I want to promote you.

Joseph Guzel  16:04:09
I want me because I'm betting on

Unknown Speaker  16:04:13
him. That's the that's the tone, essentially,

Joseph Guzel  16:04:18
the best time to go to this stuff. I'm so excited. I love, like, I love the you said Dallas, in Chicago, family offices. I'm like, I'm in like, it's, it's yeah, they're the best man. It's yeah, it's gonna be good. And then you'll meet, hopefully you'll meet my buddy, Jake Garfield. He's, he's fucking awesome. He's from Highland Park. All my friends are from Highland Park, the and you know, he was ut to Citadel, was at Citadel forever. Somehow didn't get fired, just kept getting moved. And then, and then now he's at avidity, and he's, you know, he was a groomsman at my wedding. He's the he's the shit, and he lives in Dallas. And ironically, Highland Park, which they have a Highland Park in Dallas, who would have thought, yeah, you should meet him. He's, he's our age, he's the shit. And then, yeah, we'll have some fun. Hopefully the weather is good, so I get in Tuesday morning, and then I'm leaving Thursday morning, so I'll be seeing you. Where are you

Speaker 1  16:05:18
staying? Like the autograph stone, something stone. It stone. Itch. Okay, I'm not sure. I'm getting in Tuesday night. So because I'm at another conference in Miami Monday and Tuesday, and I'm going to skimp out and get to get there, so I'll be there all Wednesday.

Joseph Guzel  16:05:40
Beautiful. If you're in Miami and you have time, you should, and I'm happy to reconnect, but you should meet with Brandon deer, also Highland Park. You COO of UI path. And best man in my wedding, and I introduced him to his wife, and he

Speaker 1  16:05:56
lives in, uh, yeah, we uh, Soho, I believe, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  16:05:59
He lives in Coconut Grove. And then my buddy Heston Berkman, who big family office, but he also has a firm called banter. It's about like your size for expanse. He was, he's a Philly kid. Parents for telecom, live between, live between Florida and the Hamptons and and in Philly, you know, his dad is best friends with Josh. Compliment. So they were the first they were the largest LPS in first round, one and two. And Heston was, I think, employee one that that first round mentor by Josh one of the he's, he's the best, like generalist, early stage investor, I think of our generation. He's going to be, and again, grimsoden at my wedding. And he's getting married this this summer. And his wife went to school with my wife. So they were, they were friends and, and, yeah, and he lives in LA. He just moved to LA in West Hollywood. He hates it. He wants to go back to Florida, but, but you should know him. And then he was also employee one or two or something at Box group. And then he was at signal fire. Then he started banter after I started Haven. And he was like, well, Joe's doing it. I want to do it. And he's really good with the family offices. Also, like it really and really similar setup to you, where he put in, like it was, like, a lot of his own money, yeah. And then for fund one, like to get launched, it was basically you, Heston and Julian fialco, if you know, from general catalyst and Fiat, did I introduce you to him? No, he's not the one that you should just know, because you guys, between your three networks, plus McClain, you guys are, you know, Masters of the Universe. It's unbelievable, and the Mensch convention and the but Julian, obviously, his dad's David fialko, who's like, my, he's, he's what I hope I turn into someday. He's just like, the happiest, chillest dude ever. He's just does whatever he wants and wins and hires Haman you know, like, we got to find a hamont. I'm hoping I'm not Hemant. I'm certainly, like, fucking my Hemant. That's too much work, and anyways, he's, he's they. You guys, all three have similar fund one situations. Him with 186 you experience Hester with banter. It's like good to you know, there's only the three of you that I can think of that are like this. And we know it sounds like we got a good dinner to set up. Yeah, exactly, exactly. If you're I don't know how often you go to New York, by the way, but you should get you should definitely let me know before you go next time, because most of my friends are there who all have these firms like, whether it's, you know, Jason Schuman or any of them, Damir Dino, yeah. Exciting, dude. Exciting, exciting, stuff. Well, I'm heading to Costa Mesa here for a some I don't like the Dodgers the it's with My in law, my father in law, my brother in law, some Dodgers thing. I'm like, we're giants.

Speaker 1  16:09:05
Do your thing. I actually enjoy my Hilo ride. We flew over Dodger Stadium. She's under construction over there.

Joseph Guzel  16:09:11
Yeah, there's, no, it's, it's, it's a pretty, actually convenient stadium. I love, I love, I love the Giants your central valley kids be like the Bay Area sports, we're kind of in the middle but, yeah, what do you got going on this weekend?

Speaker 1  16:09:30
We're going to into wicked in LA, the actual Broadway tomorrow, my wife, because I'm on the road for the next year, my

Joseph Guzel  16:09:40
wife. My wife Shut up with the YouTube videos of that those it's a good movie. I mean, it's really, it's really good. It's but in the broad the play is probably amazing. I never saw it on Broadway, obviously. Oh,

Speaker 1  16:09:53
I see, I was there. I saw the, like, the opening crew and everything Adidas Christian show. And it is, I mean, you know, I see it, yeah. No, it was. I appreciate Broadway truly, because of that experience, yeah. But now then Sunday fly to Miami. Because, you know, the flight from here to Miami is you're giving up the day anyway, the worst I'm doing, it feels like, honestly, just like the circle of vicious whatever, self, whatever, because I give up my Sunday, yeah, and then I'm slowly creeping my way back to LA so I don't get my other day back.

Joseph Guzel  16:10:29
Planes like a lot, man, like, what have you? Why you you've been, like, flying extra these days. And is it mostly for the fundraiser, mostly just to, like, kind of get, you know, your shit together, feel like you're networking, or because you have all these networking

Speaker 1  16:10:46
I better not feel like I feel like I am? I better be, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:10:50
networking just had any do we get we get around? Like, no, eventually, it's just like, the networks find us the No, I haven't been doing as much in LA, like, LA, I feel like is every it's the fire just took the winds out of it, the happiness out of everyone's sales. Like, I felt like this was going to be a good year for LA,

Speaker 1  16:11:08
totally. Well, February may turn the page, and new month, new thing,

Joseph Guzel  16:11:11
yeah, usually it's like upfront summits

Speaker 1  16:11:14
coming. It's the grind until the honeymoon. I want to. I want to. I

Joseph Guzel  16:11:18
have a, oh, my God, you

Speaker 1  16:11:20
know, earning my break. So you did the stupid you did the stupid thing that

Joseph Guzel  16:11:25
I told you not to do, that I did, which is, you delayed. You delayed it. I told you. I told you not to do this. Yeah, I love, I love this. Well, no, it's well, because you, then you get into the heat of work mode. I can't compartmentalize, like you can, I guess, right? Like, because for me, it's like, I'm either this or that, or this or that. I gotta shut it off or not. So then when I start, when I jump start the car in second baby, and I'm fucking, it's beginning of the year. I'm like, Don't you dare touch. Get away from me. Like, where we have to this is work, Joe, now, you know,

Speaker 1  16:12:07
and no, and I've been working. I'm in work Connor mode now, but my wife guesses like I'm I'm heads down, and so when 31st or whatever, like, we do our capital call, we do our deployments, we do all of our shit. Yeah, my partners, my investors, but everyone is already primed of being like, hey, here's all this shit I've been doing. Well, I don't know what you guys have been doing, but this is what I've been doing on your behalf for expanse and all this stuff I've earned these two weeks with my wife away.

Joseph Guzel  16:12:35
Oh, you're doing only two. You're okay, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  16:12:38
Then I come back and I grind it out. And so When summer comes around, I'm not gone, but I'm like, Hey guys, I'm half the speed you're expecting, or what I'm normally doing, because I want to enjoy hiking in Aspen when I want to doing all this other stuff. The point is, when you look back December, 31 2025, on the full year, the amount of output was there, you know?

Joseph Guzel  16:13:07
I mean, I'm going for more. I'm loving your attitude right now. I gotta say it's a I've had no work, like, no balance on this shit, like, the last four years. And then I it's, I'm feeling a lot better this year in every way, because it was, like, last year really, really took it out of me bad. And I'm like, Yeah, I feel good. Like, I'm like, I'm excited to, like, get an office. I'm excited. Yeah, 100% Yeah. It's like, oh, it's all I would have done all this stuff last year. Is just a lot of life and, you know, a lot of obligation. And I'm excited to, like, build the team. I'm excited for the fundraise. I'm excited to, you know, ironically, go to this Armenian Dodgers thing. It's nice, it's nice. And like it so, oh, i Dude, it's so when we, when we met, is, is like, still COVID, and I hadn't owned an epic or an icon pass for four years, right? Why didn't you fucking tell me how much better you guys got than them in the last four years? Because we bought that. We bought these epic passes for Whistler with Brandon deer and his wife and my buddy and Jake Garfield and his girlfriend. We were all New Years, which Whistler's great, and then I go to book Aspen. Or I was like, I was like, oh, let's go to bail, or let's go to this. And then for Valentine's Day week, which now we're going to Whistler but, and then for my mother in law's 60th, she will, she's been want to go to Aspen forever, and and, and so. But we're booking all that, and they don't ski and shit. Just Aspen is the best for the shopping. Obviously, if you don't ski, it's like the whole the whole shebang, and then I'm looking at this stuff, I'm like, Yeah, I think that sucks. There's nothing. What the hell happened? So you want the cheat code? What's what? Yeah, I do want the cheat code, but I more want to know, why did you do this to me? And it's like, I was like, I never really looked it was just muscle memory.

Speaker 2  16:15:12
One of the things that you've gotten to know about me is I don't I'm out. I'm not a flauter.

Joseph Guzel  16:15:18
No, you're definitely not,

Speaker 1  16:15:19
just because we do because, I mean, I said similar, like when we went to the Clippers game. If I, if I spent my entire day talking about the stuff that I have, all I've gotten are a lot of people that think I'm an arrogant asshole dude. I don't have any

Joseph Guzel  16:15:35
friends like that. You're absolutely not that. Yeah, it was more the irony of I didn't realize the quality, how much better it got.

Speaker 1  16:15:45
Yeah, oh, that's fair. No, it's no, it's funny because I think on the direct customer service line for Adam when it comes to the icon pass, Oh, I bet he's like, bringing up in our board meetings, dude, I get into ski.

Joseph Guzel  16:16:01
I think, I think his wife is gonna make us almost as rich as him as he's gonna do. Like, it's, yeah, I know you back there too. She's, she's fucking good. She's got, I was just so skeptical. I was like, I'm basically doing this to get her off his ass in the event that, you know, you got to clear the brush here. This, this opportunity is too big, and, yeah, and too, too certain, you know, because, like, Adam's like, I'm selling this thing, like, somebody who comes offers them, you know, billions. It's like, okay, and then you and I have small funds, like, great, we win. By the way,

Unknown Speaker  16:16:40
I underwrote to 2.2 so let's go for that. That's

Joseph Guzel  16:16:43
such a good number. That's almost like I was as I was, like, two, he'll sell it to that's, $400 million fine. That's fine, like we're good.

Unknown Speaker  16:16:54
That's a fun returner. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  16:16:57
by the way, I cleared. I got, we did not. I did not mention this because I was so fucking tired on Tuesday and just like, strung out from making slides and trying to hire but talk to Dana and Adam with Dave Young on the phone and everybody about the thing with you, buying you, and how that would work in whatever scenario. So that that conversation happened on Tuesday, just FYI, I totally forgot. Yeah,

Speaker 1  16:17:21
I talked to Adam. I appreciate you talk to Adam a little bit about too. So yeah, thank

Joseph Guzel  16:17:25
you. Just want to make sure that you know, like, it's not like something like that, that's, it's all taken care of now. So we're good.

Speaker 1  16:17:33
Thank you. Yeah, awesome. I mean, and between us, so we have expectations aligned everything else. If it comes in at, you know, the 250 likely not, we probably won't pull the trigger on that sale. We get over 303 54, we have to have the return profile match appropriately. But

Joseph Guzel  16:17:50
you told you, told me you wanted to tell me you wanted to show you, told me you wanted to show the machine. If you want to show the machine for even $1 you just say the word I then that's I told them the same thing. I was like, he might not want to do it. He might want to do it. We might want to do it with him, and we both benefit. It just depends. I mean, he's sitting there talking about, he's got 60 million soft circled I gotta figure out. And this is maybe a, it's either a you thing and McLean and me figure it out, or it's a or it's a figure it out with Dave. But like, what should I don't want to leave these Arabs hanging around. I'd rather like figure out how to get them without signing them up for a price. But I don't think that they really give a shit about the price. It's more the mechanics. And so like, do I have them close on or start kind of signing people up on Docs, definitive docs, that are the 250 post, and just flip it, you know, in a month, like, when something changes, or maybe we lose 50% of them, but like, that's, I feel like, I like that call option. They're fast and you know how they are. They're like, that's why they drive yellow Lamborghinis. So it's like, shiny thing, another shiny thing comes around. They get distracted, right? Something to think about. So

Speaker 1  16:19:15
my, yeah, I mean, my thought is, I like that. I think we the almost the reverse flip though, where, if we get Lee coming in and call it three, right? Oh, yeah. And, and then we say, hey, look this, this has been closed because it was strategic, pent up, whatever. But for six we'll add another 100 million to the to the balance sheet.

Joseph Guzel  16:19:42
Oh, totally. Why can't we do two in a year? Oh, I see that's actually not a That's it. That's a good idea the way that I was framing it up with Adam, because he's the one

Speaker 1  16:19:51
that we can use the trigger event of dollar one July 1, saying we have dollar one, which means, and then it's like, it's a different company. We're upgrading the price. I've

Joseph Guzel  16:20:01
been working on his deck with him, in the in the story, with him and Paul. Last night, that's gonna be my weekend, basically, and then the and with my designer, which he doesn't need to, I took control of it because, like, part of this the answer, if you looked at his posture in that board meeting, like it didn't look good, in my opinion, he was really strung out Adam, like he's, he's, he was tired. He was tired. He didn't feel like, he doesn't seem like he's been exercising, right? Okay, his hair is disheveled, like he doesn't look like fundraise. Adam, guys like him, like he'll lose 10 pounds and go fundraise, you know? And so I told his wife that this is where the that I'm gonna get the ROI from forest, from that fucking investment, but the it's just like getting him in a good mindset, because he's what I saw was a guy who is selling when people already bought it, and he needs to Just chill and let the game come to him, and so and so he brought up the Arab thing. And so I was like, Okay, I wonder if my mind went to, is there? Should I think of a creative way to put his mind at ease if we have to pull that one, because will he pitch like I know he obviously can, this is the thing that he's best at, if he knows he's got a bird in hand, right? Or what I did in the meeting also was, was try to lay it out. And Dana backed me up, because, remember, he hasn't had to raise a growth round. It was, in quite some time, it was a different market, same thing, different market, different approach, right? Like, it's not, it's not like it used to be where you got to sell and create FOMO and this and that, that. And I even had to coach McLean on that a bit, because he was like, Okay, who should I ping? Should I ping ribbits? And like, no, don't ping any of these motherfuckers. Like it just like, we're going to focus on, like, John Lee, Matt Harris, like Vinod, these guys, and then work backwards to the other guys. Like, we know we're going to get the other guys in some in some way, shape or form. Let's get somebody we a person we want, not a firm that has money, right, in which case I know, I know additions, because I met Lee once, and I know, and I like, he's like, Captain America to me, and the way that he structures edition is like, is, is, I can't stop thinking about, I haven't stopped thinking about for two years where I'm like, I want To build this like, it just seems so good. And like, like, Lee could lead a $60 million round with a $5 million check. Exactly, yeah, yeah. So, so, yeah, and so, so I had to coach Adam, so I and Dana was like, Yeah, because it's like the game's changed. So he was he before that meeting. Thank God we were all there because and that we had it at this time, because it was like he would be, you'd introduce him to Lee, and he might go in there and try to pitch Lee for a $30 million lead check, if we, if you don't coach him. So assumptions, the mother of all fuck ups, right? And I was assuming for a second, so I rectified it. You should make sure to keep that mindset, I guess. You know, I'm,

Unknown Speaker  16:23:38
I'm really curious to see how this next week goes.

Joseph Guzel  16:23:39
Well, it's gonna go well, he's, he wants it so bad. It's one of those things like he's, he's been waiting for this for so long that, you know, it's the first one in the first couple have to go well for him, so we if we do everything to make him feel good.

Unknown Speaker  16:24:01
So that's where my concern

Joseph Guzel  16:24:03
is. Yeah, this is next week. He'll be okay. He's in Hawaii right now. He's in Hawaii right now, and there's no way that I'm not gonna like make him show up. Well, for Lee, I will literally find whoever did the mission, impossible makeup stuff, and I will dress up like Adam with a mask detox, and I will do it so or animatronic on Weekend at Bernie's kind of thing, he's going to show up well with that. And I've done shit with founders where it's like, package up YouTube videos and podcasts just so they could hear the person's voice. Man. You know, you walk in somebody, you get it. You get thrown off by a voice. It matters, but, but Lee. But my take from Lee, he's he does well. He'll do better with John than he does with Lee. Just just brass tacks, because, because John, because Lee's not like John's very jovial from my one or two interactions with him, more Joseph, black

Speaker 1  16:25:12
box. We'll chat, obviously, for before we get to Dallas. But today, anything else comes out?

Joseph Guzel  16:25:19
Well, if you, if you and the wife here are, happened to come around, you know, Marina, there's the farm. I'm surprised I haven't seen you at the farmers market right here on Saturday, right next to that Cheesecake Factory. Oh, yeah, it's really, really good. They got the fishmongers and this and that. So if you guys pop over to shoot me a call, we were literally right. I'm staring at where they put it up.

Speaker 1  16:25:41
We'll do for sure. Yeah, we usually go Wednesday, Santa Monica, but

Joseph Guzel  16:25:44
yeah, we're definitely beautiful. Yeah, we can go feed some ducks. All right, all right, man, I'll talk to you, please. Hey, I just saw the time I was on with Connor. Okay, yeah. So real quick dress code. What do I wear? Okay, I'm just gonna wear. I'll wear like that, zip up, brace, sweater, black shirt underneath, and I'll wear a sport coat. I need to save my sports for Dallas. We were just talking about Dallas. I'm leaving Tuesday, not Monday. After all, absolutely pull the sport trailer, yeah, and then yeah, and then slacks, or what else I also, okay. What anything else I need to bring? Okay, All right, I'm gonna poop in Okay? I

Unknown Speaker  16:58:28
have a Very

Joseph Guzel  16:58:50
Simple thing.

Unknown Speaker  16:58:50
I Don't know


Transcribed by https://otter.ai