Kuan Huang  11:02:27
Non disclosure agreement will cover the confidentiality of public information concerning Haven a lot and shall be drafted in 30 days. It will also define the language and ethically use LPS with respect to the past and future relationship dynamics between the managers should do you want to add and any non Haven related businesses or funds they may be engaged in, or bread they may pursue. I

Joseph Guzel  11:03:01
want to see so, so, so here's what he's going to have me do. Okay, he's they're going to have me sign a Larry Page. NDA is what they're going to be angling for that is going to keep me from disparaging even anyone in their family, or that they're even remotely related to within and basically take a 23andme test to do it. I've seen this NDA. I will find it. I will send it to you. Okay, so you're like, it's that level of NDA is what they are going to want given where we've gone, they let me slide without it. I don't know why, and it was really McLean's fuck up. I think of me not signing it at the point of consummation of their LP check into Haven. I shared an office with these people, physically on 265, Park Boulevard in Palo Alto. So I know too much. I know when their kids birthdays are in shit, the family offices involved, they're gonna make they're gonna push for that. There isn't much I can do about it, right, okay, right. So the I'm okay with that. I've never said anything even to you, but good things about Larry, right? What we can do here is make sure that it's used. We like we utilize the NDA to make sure that he shuts the fuck up, which is like what I was getting to over text with, okay, we don't give him a gag order. He wanted attribution. That was the first four weeks of this. Was attribution, attribution, attribution. All I care about is attribution, right? You have your attribution. We've said it multiple times here. How even things we're doing are not, they don't, they don't reflect your attribution. Like portfolio giving up that you just change that language so you can't market that attribution for a period of 12 months, and or first, uh, first, or final close of Joe new fund, because he has to start a new business. So he has to market our mutual attribution to get his life going. Because you wanted to end the business, and Joe did not. So that's a gift. I did not want to end my business with with McClain. McClain McClain only wanted to do it. He wanted to get divorced. I didn't right, so just don't get married again for a year. Fucker like, that's it.

Kuan Huang  11:05:17
Slot, that's it. Wait. What? What do you want to do with this language, though? Joe on the supplemental, NDA, it seemed like you wanted to put a little bit more in here about what it'll cover, but I

Joseph Guzel  11:05:31
just don't know. Well, I think I solved it with what I just said, because I'm I'm so you're dealing with whatever the most gnarly NDA is, is the one that we're going to be presented with. That's going to happen. So think of the most gnarly NDA in your career that you've had to deal with, that's what we're going to get, and we pretty much have to sign it,

Kuan Huang  11:05:55
not according to this. It shall be mutually agreed upon and right

Joseph Guzel  11:06:03
you agreed upon, because he'll never be able to agree to anything other than the very gnarly help like NDA, because, because they cover their entire family,

Kuan Huang  11:06:15
right? Okay, but, but in terms of specifics, what do you want to do in paragraph 12 on this, in terms of language, what more do you want to add, or what do you want to change? I

Kuan Huang  11:06:30
I understand that that's coming. And, you know, we're gonna have to push back and blah, blah, blah and whatever and all that. But we do,

Joseph Guzel  11:06:38
we do the first draft, add that in there. How about that?

Unknown Speaker  11:06:44
That's it. Okay, all right, to be drafted the first instance,

Joseph Guzel  11:06:54
because, because that, with that little sentence, you're saying that it's not going to be the Larry NDA, there you go. Yep, I should have been the lawyer. Dude,

Kuan Huang  11:07:05
mutually agreed not. You don't want to share with I wish this on anybody

Joseph Guzel  11:07:11
be here with me right now,

Kuan Huang  11:07:15
if either manager, so I've implemented the point you made before.

Joseph Guzel  11:07:23
Voluntary here. Yeah, exactly. V Jeep, I just think it wasn't a very odd term for him to include there where nothing, where nothing talks about my future in the stock or my access controls, like the two things and I'm talking about, there's,

Unknown Speaker  11:07:43
there are access controls where

Joseph Guzel  11:07:48
a vague remember, he's he weaponizes The things that you do for a living

Kuan Huang  11:07:55
in the event of a material deadlock. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, this put the no matter shall independently, alter reassignment, revoke news, right? But

Joseph Guzel  11:08:05
when do I get them back and how,

Kuan Huang  11:08:09
okay, so we can add that back immediately, yeah.

Joseph Guzel  11:08:14
And on the NDA piece, it should, it should, now that I think about it, we should include something about

Unknown Speaker  11:08:22
so

Joseph Guzel  11:08:24
he knows that everybody knows what he did and that it's bad. He what they wanted to do was a big announcement to the LPS about our initial investment period being over, and when we would make that announcement, that was mediation, like session two, where they were like, Okay, who gets what board seats? It's like, we haven't even talked about my email, right? What do we say to the LPs and when, like these guys, it's like, what are you guys talking about? Nobody. I have to update the reserves model I have all this was a month and a half ago. So the more we say about LPS in the NDA, the better any external communications with respect to the the go forward.

Unknown Speaker  11:09:09
Stuff

Joseph Guzel  11:09:11
is not tied to the NDA and will be a mutually, you know, a double trigger, blah, blah, blah, like any like anything else within, within 30 days or 60 days longer

Speaker 1  11:09:31
manager does not have such access at this time or access

Joseph Guzel  11:09:40
the fees for stored upon signing, upon signing of this term sheet, which is binding, um,

Joseph Guzel  11:09:53
and then add in and then add in a third party within 30 days, or for the admin rights, a third party vendor that are improved under, like our expense policies that we're going to agree with Within 30 days, right? And, and, as well as a a third party audit, unless you think that's overkill, like, I know he fucked with my shit, but it's okay. It didn't hurt. Anything

Kuan Huang  11:10:25
you can ask for that at any time, once you get access pack, but right where this is going to poke him in the eye with that as part of this agreement, fair enough, he's not going to agree. Shall be transferred to so here's what I'm saying, both managers show full access to all blah, blah blah at all times. To the extent either manager does not have such access, you're going to get full access immediately upon signing Super Admin rights shall be transferred to and held by an agreed upon third party. This third party may be no manager shall have the right

Kuan Huang  11:11:06
but the designated third party administrator, right? Yeah, well, yeah, okay, that works. That works,

Joseph Guzel  11:11:22
yeah. And then the piece about the going back to the piece about the LPs, I how should we handle like the comms piece? Because this NDA is designed to effectively gag order me, period. I can't gag order him and get this signed. We know this, right? So if I can't gag order him, and he's gonna gag order me, it's gonna happen. I'm gonna have to take it. So we add in on, on, we add in the language about the new fund and everything. The parties agree that Joe Guzel is going to start a new fund that will not be called Haven two, with a new management company, this and that, and that he is going to continue on with the thesis that he established in in with Haven one and blah blah blah, as well as his thesis from crosslink and blah blah blah, and that the parties are going to work together in good faith to, you know, to do that and that both and that we both parties, have attribution 100% today, tomorrow, yesterday, which he really, really wanted and he got, which he doesn't have, but I gave to him so,

Kuan Huang  11:12:48
so you want affirmative language in here, where it says both parties will recognize that, that you may or will, you know, either raise new fund or start working at a new

Joseph Guzel  11:13:03
Yeah, like, like, like, okay, of course, because what the fuck else am I doing?

Speaker 1  11:13:09
Well, why do you need that language? They're going to tear me

Joseph Guzel  11:13:12
apart. They're going to tear me apart in the NDA. That's why they already showed that. They're going to go back to the audio records that I gave you and then tell me why would why you wouldn't

Kuan Huang  11:13:23
do it. But I don't get the overlap between the two. Why would the NDA restrict you in any way from from doing

Joseph Guzel  11:13:32
that, I'm gonna get gag ordered with a I'm gonna have to operate within something that's this thick versus something that's this thick, and trying to sell your ass for fees. You need it? Yeah, we can both claim track record. He gets his attribution. That's all he care. It's one of the three things he cared about. When he can use his attribution that he has based on my shit,

Kuan Huang  11:14:03
stick with me on on the concern you're raising. You're going to go do Joe fund, one right, a new fund. What affirmative protection do you want in order to be able to do that, that we can get in this agreement? I just IPO

Joseph Guzel  11:14:23
chime Quan like you got to level with me, because this will come up with other clients. I clients. I am one of two individuals that formally divested their track record that's around our age in the last paradigm period, me and Harley Miller from left lane. Okay, we're the only ones that did this, and I'm the only one that is in this situation hard. If Harley were standing here with me right now, he would agree it seemed like it was frivolous before it mattered. Now, right? Because cross link can only market the series B attribution in chime, if I allow it, I can sue them for it, straight up. So he gets his attribution which he wanted. He gets credit for everything, 5050, I cannot bar him to a narrative that will never work. You say this, I say that. Okay, it's not going to happen. So just don't use your asset of your attribution for a window. Everything else is still true. So it's basically just saying, just don't, don't raise a fund for like six months using this attribution, using this asset, you can still raise a fund within that six months. Just don't use that attribution, which would be my narrative, right?

Kuan Huang  11:15:48
So essentially, you're saying, in the next six months following this protocol, you want to be able to say in summer substance, Haven was me, right. Haven was all me.

Joseph Guzel  11:16:02
He can't, if we're both marketing the same assets, how the fuck am I going to raise a fund, and then he has unlimited access to capital, and he's not anchoring me. He's taken away my 20% anchor guarantee. It's not to say they won't come in, and that's it has nothing to do with what we both say about each other as mutual managers here, we can't disparage each other. It'd be disparaging the fund, and then it would be a breach. Basically, you,

Kuan Huang  11:16:30
you, you want him to sit it out for for the next six months.

Joseph Guzel  11:16:34
Yeah, it's literally a New York non compete, which you're at, garden leave is what I'm offering him. That's garden leave is the best thing ever you get to go live in Aspen.

Kuan Huang  11:16:46
So, I mean, look that's a brand new term we haven't had as part of these agreements. Do you want to add, then, a new term that says for at least six months following this? Or maybe right here, we just say for at least six months following signing this protocol. McLain Southworth agrees

Joseph Guzel  11:17:05
he will not. I keep getting scolded for for, for these things where it's like, oh, here's Joe making it more difficult to get on with his life that he didn't know was ending. Okay, I have to go start a new business. I did all the deals, and he knows it. He cared about attribution. I gave it to him. The whole firm was built on my 100% attribution from crossing capital that I divested and owned trying I get Novo step, all these things me, taba pay what like, like? Have

Kuan Huang  11:17:40
you ever raised this with him or Liam to gage their reaction to something like this,

Joseph Guzel  11:17:44
I haven't raised it with him. I've raised it with Liam and Liam. And what Liam says is you can't, like, he's not gonna agree to any narrative thing. What he said is that he doesn't know what he wants to do, brother, and he's not going to we already pressure tested. I was like, Are you gonna go raise a billion dollar fund tomorrow? Or, like, five you could that would be sick if you did that. Because we can make a lot of money together this way, and that could help our narrative. I've only approached it in good faith on the call. So it's just, it's just, you have this attribution, McClain, you earned it. I can't take it from you. Agree to and you, but you can't agree to give me an anchor check because it's it he can't, so just don't fucking agree to not raise a fund using that asset, in particular, if he wanted to raise a quantum computing but fucking fund he could do that because it's not using those assets.

Speaker 1  11:18:45
Okay? Then, all right, then let's, let's. Is this

Joseph Guzel  11:18:49
the most retarded thing you've ever heard or what like it's but I just don't understand, because I built this firm with the same recipe.

Kuan Huang  11:19:01
Okay, so look, you don't have to convince me that this is something that you wanted, something you want.

Joseph Guzel  11:19:08
But no, I'm actually begging you to tell you why I'm wrong. But,

Kuan Huang  11:19:16
I mean, you're essentially asking that. You know, he has a non compete for six months,

Joseph Guzel  11:19:22
and you don't why is that? But why is that an issue? Given the circumstances, he doesn't want to raise he didn't want to continue with the business. Continue with the business. He ended it Okay, so he's getting that. He he doesn't want to raise a new fund, nor does he know what he wants to do. Right now, we already have that on record that's that's solidified. So if he had something that he needed to do, this would be worked in here. This whole agreement would be different. If he has the optionality, then post expiration date to use the thing that he earned, which is the attribution, which he got, which I wasn't giving to him before, right? I'm not even talking about like I have it three times in here, like you got your attribution, like you did Hamza and everything else you you this business, you built this house,

Unknown Speaker  11:20:10
right? But just, but he's

Joseph Guzel  11:20:11
not, he's not going to sign up to money or to actually helping me. He's not going to sign to the work of helping me. So just don't use your assets that you own for six months. That's it like, because I don't know what else to do with like, I can't fight your narrative that he could have a 50% first close on a billion bucks. I can't

Unknown Speaker  11:20:39
except that agrees,

Joseph Guzel  11:20:44
and that's not me controlling his assets. Those are his assets. Just don't, don't use the thing that

Speaker 1  11:20:54
you already have is six, six months,

Joseph Guzel  11:21:00
I wanted to say 12 months. I was already negotiating against

Unknown Speaker  11:21:05
myself. You think you'll go for

Joseph Guzel  11:21:09
it, I think unless it's like, really explicit with respect to how I'm describing it, which he would understand. We're going to have a huge back and forth on this, because I know him, okay. I think he's going to blow up when he sees this. He has attribution. If he thinks that this, if he thinks that not raising for six months means his attribution or not, then he's going to blow up if he understands that he already has attribution today, tomorrow and yesterday, even if he doesn't sign this fucking thing, yeah, and that it's because he doesn't want to do the business with me, and he's doing me a solid. Then we play to his sympathy and his empathy.

Kuan Huang  11:21:46
I think he's going to read this, and he's like, Okay, so for six months you're going to be out there. Are you going to be saying it's all you though, right? Is that what you're going to be doing and you don't want me to correct you?

Joseph Guzel  11:21:57
No, because isn't there other things in here that solve for that? Yeah, usually a private narrative, like we had

Unknown Speaker  11:22:06
before. So, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  11:22:10
he can't approve my narratives that I can sell, but it's, it's He already said that he's going to help me, but he can't help me with money, and he can't help me with anything like and so it's fair. It's fair for him, because otherwise I'm going to do anything that I have to to survive. I don't care what fucking NDA I sign. It doesn't matter to me. Okay, okay, yeah, this is what I've done. I don't give a shit about jail. I don't give a shit about any of it. Like, I just don't care, like it's he's not gonna do it,

Kuan Huang  11:22:42
all right, we gotta focus. I got eight minutes. I'm already over patent care.

Joseph Guzel  11:22:49
Well, you're charging me now.

Joseph Guzel  11:22:55
Kwani Khan, what

Joseph Guzel  11:23:07
do you think like? Look, remove it. Then if you think it's not going to get us to a deal, I want to sign something by the time I wake up, but just know that it's going to probably fuck me. Look

Kuan Huang  11:23:27
that. Let's, let's let's include it if you think you need it, and you think he it's not, it's not much off his back, if he wasn't going to do anything anyway for six months.

Joseph Guzel  11:23:38
What about LP introductions or something? Like, we had that language before, like, you're just in good faith, like, or you're in good faith going to help Joe do his thing.

Kuan Huang  11:23:50
I mean, I actually say the opposite here, that neither of you will have an obligation to help, help one another, except that this right, that this I can't have. He's not going to agree to help you scratch it unless right, unless you get unless he gets something in exchange. So then it would be like he agrees to help you, and he's got to sit out.

Joseph Guzel  11:24:14
It's nothing. Percent of alphabet at his disposal. What was the market category

Kuan Huang  11:24:19
for alphabet? Pull it up. I get it pull it up. We're talking about, we're talking

Joseph Guzel  11:24:25
about. This isn't a normal

Kuan Huang  11:24:30
it's not abnormal. But in the term, in the context of this deal, you know, we've gone back and forth for a while now, it's the first time I've heard of this concept, one and then two, it's just not, it's it's asymmetric, right? It only affects him. It doesn't affect you. I get it. You get you guys are in different situations, but I would only include this if one, you think you need it, and without it, you're screwed. And two, if you think there's some likelihood you wouldn't, you would agree

Joseph Guzel  11:25:02
to this. I don't know. I have leverage. I've read. The only leverage I've had Quan period has been attribution. It's the only thing that has been a Ford in his side, and I gave it to him unequivocally. I have compromised everything. I gave everything away. I gave my business away and everything. I'm not out for vengeance here. I'm asking for mercy. Yeah. So if you can frame it within the context of mercy,

Unknown Speaker  11:25:35
anyway, the attribution

Joseph Guzel  11:25:41
a because you don't think he's going to weaponize a departure as non service, ie triggering a service requirement. And I'm telling you that he will if he wants to. And for you, it's for everybody, it's like, Ah, he ain't gonna do that. He ain't gonna do that. He's gonna do that if he feels like it gets me to heal. Yeah, he wants me to be his dog.

Kuan Huang  11:26:13
All right? So we're gonna, we're gonna scrap the entire responsibilities appendix, right? It's

Joseph Guzel  11:26:18
just, it was there anything in here that, if we left it? You think it's a good idea? I mean, it is pretty much Perry passu, but I just feel like my mind was saying that this will, it'll just be something that he can point to to reaffirm, you know, other shit that you know, but, but whatever, leave it whatever. Or if I don't, if I don't do it, then it's a breach of service requirements.

Kuan Huang  11:26:47
I mean, you he set it up so he's doing everything right? Is he?

Joseph Guzel  11:26:53
Yes? What is what is there to do? Okay, let's see assign the claim. No, let's go up. Let's go because this has literally been my job for the last he's just talking about what the status quo has been. It's a sign to McLean, but the reality is that I do it, you see? So it gets to point to a laundry list of shit that he doesn't actually do, that I actually have to do to say that he does stuff. I know you don't believe me. I don't care. It's yeah, but like,

Kuan Huang  11:27:30
what I need to know right now is, do you care about this or not? Do you want to strike it or not? Knowing that this is the last thing he put together. What do you think he's essentially saying he's going to do all GP related crap?

Joseph Guzel  11:27:48
No, from here on out the reserve, the reserves and all that. Now that's what he says. He doesn't he's never done it. He doesn't know how to do it. He doesn't know how to use Excel. That's just a fact. I've been working with him for 10 years,

Kuan Huang  11:28:02
putting aside whether or not he knows how to do it. He's assigning that to himself, uh, subject to double trigger approval on all this, right? But,

Joseph Guzel  11:28:13
and I don't know what initial reserves analysis means, I think, I think it means that he already did it when there's an ongoing reserves analysis is a forecast.

Kuan Huang  11:28:23
Why don't we do this to make it simple, strike it, strike it, and say, Look, we can. We can talk about that more at a later date. That should, that should not hold up to signing this document, because, look, we have, we're going to say we can operate as may call. Go forward, within 30 days. That's a double trigger. That's it.

Joseph Guzel  11:28:49
Sorry. Quan, thanks for dealing with me. No words. No, no, let's, let's run through top to bottom real fast. So, so right for the

Kuan Huang  11:29:02
email that I'm going through. Okay, I got another call in two minutes. So,

Joseph Guzel  11:29:06
okay, just tell me. Just tell me for the stuff, for the email, what do I said?

Kuan Huang  11:29:11
So you should say, went through this detail with lawyer. We you know this is, this is getting very close. You'll see this not an attempt to completely redo this in any way we've kept, you know, the vast majority of this and really focused on the things that I think I need and that are critical to me, right? And all of this is meant to to facilitate us moving forward and not relitigating issues from the past, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, I think something along those lines, I'm prepared to sign in short order if you have any questions or claim does whatever, happy to jump on the phone, and at this point, Maybe I should just talk to his counsel,

Joseph Guzel  11:30:09
right? Because clearly they didn't want to do it. So, so is this? Is this too marked up to sign? No, not at all. You don't think so.

Unknown Speaker  11:30:20
This is, this is a light markup.

Joseph Guzel  11:30:23
We took away, makes it a light markup, but

Kuan Huang  11:30:26
this is light Bucha to me, we, we this is one edit to the the thing about May 5, we tweaked a little bit the expense policy language, just a little bit. We just made the access controls point clear. Green means we actually moved the language. He had just moved it up. That's all we did, right? And then after that, it's just, it's just little tweaks. It is not that marked up the mate, the only major addition is this thing. It's what we just talked

Joseph Guzel  11:31:00
about. And you think, and will this keep us going for another week? Be honest with me, you're my friend now, whether you like it or not. Put yourself in my shoes. Get rid of it, then get rid of it, then like, like, like or minimize it. I don't want to do this anymore.

Kuan Huang  11:31:24
I think this is the thing that he's gonna be like, see. You know, every time with Joe, he's always got to put in a new thing that blah, blah, blah, okay, take it out.

Joseph Guzel  11:31:32
Take it out. Take it out. Take it out. Take it

Unknown Speaker  11:31:36
out. You can ask him, as part of this, but do I

Joseph Guzel  11:31:38
have to ask for fucking permission to start a new business so I could, you know, buy a house?

Speaker 1  11:31:43
No, you don't, right, right? Already reserved.

Joseph Guzel  11:31:47
You have the ability. And there's nothing in here explicitly that I can't call it Haven two. Is there Interesting? Okay, I think that's out. Can I call it cuck ventures,

Kuan Huang  11:32:02
yes. All right, I gotta join this other call. All right, let me. Let me send this back to you, and then you should take a close look at it one more time before sending but, but I think, Okay, I think this actually has a chance to get inside. Okay. All right. All right.

Joseph Guzel  11:32:19
Well, talk soon. All right. Talk soon. Peace. You.

Joseph Guzel  11:35:53
All right. Thank you

Speaker 2  11:35:55
very much. Our team would like to offer you this mix together and one bottle of money appreciate you. For you, it's complimentary. Would have been nice.

Unknown Speaker  11:36:13
Wonderful night, sir, Thank You. You.

Unknown Speaker  11:37:38
Hello, hi, yes,

Unknown Speaker  11:37:42
oh, let me see Ashley. What do you want to do for dinner

Unknown Speaker  11:37:56
service? Here, come on in. Okay, thank you. And

Joseph Guzel  11:38:01
then, if you guys have any of the waters the Oh, sorry. Are there any house waters, anywhere we keep drinking these expensive waters, but we haven't gotten any of the fucking you know the other ones. No, this one is okay. These are the house waters. It's free for you. Oh, they are, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  11:38:28
I was told that those are charged. No

Speaker 3  11:40:02
it's okay, but like you like that. I

Unknown Speaker  11:40:16
I should leave it right, or you

Joseph Guzel  11:40:18
can leave it right. I'm working, Obviously. Thank

Unknown Speaker  11:43:27
You You Why is the door open?

Joseph Guzel  11:47:03
They're doing turn down service? Well, There's

Speaker 3  11:47:05
three bucks in here. I

Speaker 3  11:47:58
Excuse me. Do you have any robes or ropes? Is it here? Okay?

Unknown Speaker  11:48:24
Yes, the

Unknown Speaker  11:48:26
bathroom. Bathroom.

Unknown Speaker  11:48:35
Food. Give me that. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  11:48:56
yes, You

Speaker 3  11:49:27
thank you so much.

Unknown Speaker  11:49:49
You Okay so? Did they bring The water to your water? I

Speaker 3  11:51:00
we asked for the water. Joe, did you not ask for I

Joseph Guzel  11:51:05
asked for water. No one gave us the big water. Those waters are on the house, it turns out.

Unknown Speaker  11:51:10
Yes, please, okay, thank you.

Speaker 3  11:51:20
What's this? They're probably Joe. You've been eating this without me. I just got a photo switch over. I Share with me, just analytics. I'm struggling.

Unknown Speaker  11:51:40
No.
