Kuan Huang  10:11:55
Is, is, is a step forward, right? They, I don't think in any prior draft, was McLean ever willing to say, okay, the you know, your alleged termination was null and void and blah, blah, blah. And then he even says, will be deemed to be inaccurate without legal or operational basis. That's, that's our language, right from, from originally. What I don't like about what he did is that this is now conditioned on continued like, in his view, compliance with the terms of this protocol. No, no two different things, right? That is all in the past, and this is how you should frame all this stuff. Purpose of this document is to put things in the past, in the past, right, and to know going forward, what what the score is, and what we're going to do and what we're not going to do, but we're not going to relitigate anything from the past. We're not going to keep anything open from the past. All the past stuff is in the past. I think Liam will understand that and buy it. And, I mean, it even comports with what, what McLean himself has said as part of these discussions, right? So, what about what have we done here with these edits? It's just to make sure that this is entirely behind us, right? The the alleged termination, and, by the way, the other side of that. Don't have to mention this, unless they go there. There's a benefit to him to putting all this behind us, because the the unlawful termination itself could itself be a cause, event and and unlawful and justification for for his rights. Let's not do any of that. The agreement here is that the managers are you guys. Has always been you guys, and there's never been a termination, and none of it is contingent on, you know, going forward, any any compliance with this, right? If there's, if you don't comply with with the protocol, or he doesn't comply with the protocol going forward, that's a separate issue. And you guys will have the rights to to fight about all that in the future. That's so that's, that's how I would frame that. I think we're pretty close, hopefully that that gets it done on May 5, which I think will help you. It's it clears the way for, for right, at least the narrative piece. And here's the other thing I added here that might limit so I

Joseph Guzel  10:14:30
think in so and so I understand, and sorry to interrupt you, but so he did. So everything crossed out is what he had written, and then the acknowledgement here, the uncrossed out blue is what you wrote, right? Yes, okay, yep. Because on my MacBook, I don't know if you're on a MacBook for Lenovo, but they keep changing colors every time I send something.

Kuan Huang  10:14:51
So yeah, the color stuff that the color shouldn't matter. But what's stricken out is, is what was in his draft and what is now New and underlying, no matter what the color is,

Joseph Guzel  10:15:03
what we're adding. So on the on the on his version that we struck, did, do we know whether or not that was like verbatim, what he pulled from our draft from five weeks ago. Because, yes, well,

Kuan Huang  10:15:19
it much of it is verbatim, but he tweaks some things so null and void has no legal effect. That's all from from my draft. But he added, provided that the terms and conditions of this protocol are not material, materially violated. He added that, right? That's, that's not, not. We're not agreeing to that, and that's the major pushback here. We're not going to make this contingent on some future thing, right? The whole idea is to put this piece behind us, and that's one of the key pieces for you that you're getting out of this, so that you can, you can, you know, do a new fund in the bed. This won't be a specter hanging over you. This stupid thing he did that was, from our view, unlawful, but that's not litigated. Let's just put it back. Why? Here's the other. What

Joseph Guzel  10:16:09
do you think he added that in there?

Kuan Huang  10:16:13
What's that? What did he added this? Provided that the terms, yeah. So it's like, what do you add about in there? Yeah, stupid, right. It's like, it's like, I agree it was null and void. That has no legal effect unless, right, there's a new dispute now, which makes no sense, right? You can't tie the two together. It's like,

Joseph Guzel  10:16:30
I was telling you when you were like, What the fuck do you want, Joe? And I was like, I was like, This guy is going to try to fuck me again. Yeah, it.

Kuan Huang  10:16:38
I don't think this is a good trying. This is it's an overreach on his part, and that's all it is. The other thing he did here, just so you understand, he said, any future reference, any future reference to such termination, shall be deemed inaccurate and without legal or operational basis. Unless I don't even know what this means, reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this protocol. I even know what that second part means. But essentially, what this is saying is like going forward, then, you know, I if I say anything about the termination, then that will be an accurate bubble, blah, blah, right? That's not quite good enough for us, because this leaves open the suggestion that, okay, all the all the prior references and all the prior statements that may have been made are accurate right now, to put it fully behind us, what, what I've done is they further agree and acknowledge that any any references period right shall be deemed inaccurate and without legal operate, legal or operational basis. That's, that's what I had before. I think we're very close on this. Okay, that one pretty straightforward here on the expense policy. He did a little this is along the same lines, right? What he had before is what I've stricken it used to say, any expenses incurred after May 5, May 5, 2025, by the manager, that are personal in nature, not explicitly pre approved bubble shall be reimbursed. Essentially, that means that if you didn't have his Express pre approval for anything you've expensed since May 5. You got to pay that back. Nope, we're not doing that. The whole idea here is we're going to develop, we've never had, a formal expense policy. We're going to develop one jointly within 30 days, if between now the date you signed this agreement and the adoption of that policy either of you incur expenses that aren't explicitly pre approved by both of you. Then, then fine. But then those, those don't count, yes.

Joseph Guzel  10:18:46
So, so So on this, I get, like, everybody's comments I think are valid. So, so the reality is, we've never had an expense policy. However, we've had expense treatments, right that have been and we've had a kind of a, call it, a lackadaisical approach to whatever's convenient for each other's life. That's what we've done. And then over the last 12 months, I have been working with a duro our fund admin, to solidify what would would have been the go forward expense treatments, between fund expenses and operating expenses. He has always been when he when he's referencing expenses, he's talking about something different than when I'm referencing them. He's talking about money in his pocket. I have, I've actually increased our budget like precipitously, because we were losing a lot of money because we weren't taking fund expenses correctly and treating them. Now that was 12 months of work. He's well aware of it, and it just got audited, right? But, but the issue is that treatment of expenses was purpose built for the growth of Haven the platform, right? It was strategic. It was something I did strategically so we could afford to hire people and all that kind of stuff while not fucking up our lifestyle too much now, and Magnus would agree. So, so, so maybe what we do here is, maybe what we do here is just make it a Bring, bring it back to the drawing table between me and him, like, like, figuring out what are expenses we should continue to incur or not, and just make it a mutually you know? So it's like, yes, we have an expense policy. We have to revisit it because it wasn't it doesn't make as much sense now, since, yeah, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  10:20:48
but that is what it says, right of formal expense policy shall be jointly established and implemented within 30 days of adoption of this protocol, and then it says all must be both, plus, so to say, to save work for me later, with like, explaining something that I just explained that he kind of knows but doesn't fully understand. Add, like, knowing that our recently audited expense policy, I don't want this precedent that there that we haven't had one, because we have, okay, just call our auditors that just audited our shit, right? Or

Kuan Huang  10:21:26
so. So should it say? What do you want to say? Noon?

Joseph Guzel  10:21:29
It should say, it should say, Yeah, within, within the 30 days, McClain and Joe will revise the established expense policy that was recently audited by Frank rimerman, blah, blah, blah that's now undergone two audits that was purpose built for the growth of Haven the platform, right that in which case that's in which that's no longer the case. We're not here to grow Haven, the platform, and then something, something that came up later in this doc Quan that could potentially be included in there subtly is, is with respect to the realization that him being so black and white on these expenses is actually makes it impossible to do the portfolio management that we're so diligent, diligently parsing up here, like, for example, he has to go to Mexico City, okay, every month, forever, basically for auto lab, like I used to, and I just put them on the board. Those are fund expenses, not management expenses. They used to be management expenses and come out of our pocket until I treated them according to our LPA correctly. Our fund admin was fucking up. We were losing money. And so like, the terms fund versus management expenses should be in there somewhere like, like just to psychologically remind him that there's a difference

Kuan Huang  10:23:01
which shall cover all fund and GP related expenses,

Joseph Guzel  10:23:06
yeah, for portfolio management and for management, all under, under the under The precedent that has already been established and audited within the guidelines of havens LPA, which is fact we, we just got audited four weeks ago. We passed flying colors.

Kuan Huang  10:23:27
Okay, look, the fewer changes the better, right? Yeah, I don't, I don't think we need to reference all that. But here's what I think, unless we say,

Joseph Guzel  10:23:37
I think it saves us issues later in the stock. Sincerely, because I know, okay, yeah, I know it's within 38

Kuan Huang  10:23:45
shell shall negotiate a revised expense policy and shall cover all fund and portfolio management related expenses, and shall be jointly established and implemented.

Joseph Guzel  10:24:00
And then he could say, you want me to language about Yeah, and so, so, okay, within 30 days of adoption of this protocol, the managers shall negotiate. Shall Yeah, it's to negotiate. It is even a tough term. The term negotiate, it's, it's shell, a line on a double trigger. Everything's double triggered, right? Everything down to peeing and pooping are double triggered, right? Do you need to, I mean, it's, shall agree, yeah, shall agree on a revised expense policy which will cover all fund and portfolio management, all fund and management company related expenses, related to firm, all firm activities. You mean GP related expenses, related expenses. We call them fund fund expense versus management company expense. So management company expense would be, let's say an office, a fund level expense would be, I'm traveling to New York for a board meeting or for fundraising activities or for diligence.

Kuan Huang  10:25:05
You technically have a management company in the fund structure, though it's you have a GP that does

Joseph Guzel  10:25:11
the management right. We have an LLC management company. We have a GP, which is at zero. It's the balance of the equity. And then we have an LP. So the money flows, capital call goes into the limited partnership. Fees get paid from the limited partnership to the limited liability corporation on a quarterly basis, and that's the OPEX pass through up top. And the OPEX pass through governs everything else, not the LP, but the but the GP,

Kuan Huang  10:25:39
right? And do you want me to add something which shall cover all fund and management company related expense and shall reflect the existing blah, blah, blah,

Joseph Guzel  10:25:51
yeah, what, what, and shall be consistent, yeah. And, well, say he doesn't feel like, clearly he doesn't feel like the way that things are going now with expenses are working for him, and that's that's okay. He has the right to feel that way. So, so, but the reality is, we spent 12 months creating an expense treatment that was that passed audits, formal audits, that was purpose built to take on more fund expenses, meaning that it didn't come out of our OPEX, which is where we would pay employees, which is why I'm having this convo with you, right? So that we could build a PNL for growth. I did that consciously, right? It was just fpna and so we don't really need to do that anymore, clearly, and that's why nothing in terms about lenders and shit. So, yeah, yeah. So it's referencing, referencing that our that our expense is already intact and audited, yeah, but it should advise for the reality.

Kuan Huang  10:26:58
Let's do this. I shall agree on a revised expense policy which shall cover all fund level. What the expenses and will better reflect the current state of the fund? That helpful or not?

Joseph Guzel  10:27:14
Yeah, the manager shall agree on a revised expense policy which will cover all funded management company related expenses and will and will will reflect the to reflect the current state of the business. That is, you know, of Haven, which is like on cruise control, versus a growing business. It's, we don't need a PL we don't need an OPEX, OPEX line for a, you know, this is a stagnant, maintain, you know, REIT, not a business,

Kuan Huang  10:27:46
okay? So, so I'll just tell you this. He's going to look at and he's probably going to be suspicious, right? I don't know what that means. Is, this is Joe putting something in here to, like, put the thumb on the scale, or one way or the other on before we've even had a chance to talk about the policy that so my recommendation would be just to not have language like this and just just say revised expense policy, which I'll cover.

Joseph Guzel  10:28:13
Should we, should we add in here about the corporate annex card? Like, like, because I moved everything over to that.

Kuan Huang  10:28:24
I mean, I think that's the purpose of the two to be decided policy, right is to specify stuff, if we front load too many of those disputes here this, this turns into a bigger thing than it is. Once you get agreement, then there's more momentum to get to smaller things.

Joseph Guzel  10:28:45
As long as everything is a double trigger and it has a timeline, then we're fine. Then they're all stuck out.

Kuan Huang  10:28:49
And here, want to make sure you understand this piece he had put in before, basically, like any expenses since May 5, if he didn't

Joseph Guzel  10:28:59
have your, your your, your fees should be in this.

Kuan Huang  10:29:03
Oh, no, it's down here. It's down here. Yes, legal fees. You're heavily discounted fees. I think, I think some, some of this is workable, so that. But I mean, outside, are you okay with this? If, by the way, if you, if you're okay going back to May 5 on, on this piece, it's a, it's, it's a decent gift,

Joseph Guzel  10:29:28
right? Yeah, there isn't anything that changed, other than, like, stuff I was already doing. He's, I don't, I don't understand. I don't think he understands what he wants here. That's why this has been so confusing, just knowing him.

Kuan Huang  10:29:42
So this one, just to be very clear, so we're on the same page. He's saying anything that you have expensed since May 5, if he didn't personally approve it, you owe it back to the management company.

Joseph Guzel  10:29:57
no,

Unknown Speaker  10:30:01
right, we're not doing that

Kuan Huang  10:30:03
well. I mean, I mean, like, like, one thing that we haven't talked about is we, we should pay this rhythmic kid something. Well, I mean, but, but, let's do that. That's not it. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  10:30:16
yeah. So that's why I don't think, I don't think that that's, it's just not, it's, it's so dumb, like it's not, it's not. We literally just approved the q1 financials and expenses. I think he just wants to be involved in the approval process. And, you know, so is there anything to give some costs for embezzlement?

Kuan Huang  10:30:37
Is there anything you can think of that that like you expensed under the like, the prior understanding that he's going to say he never explicitly pre approved,

Joseph Guzel  10:30:45
nothing that nothing I wouldn't, nothing that I wouldn't have done anyways, without even asking him for the last four years. That's 100% certain. And the other and the other pieces is, this

Kuan Huang  10:30:58
is why. This is why this is important. Then, yeah, right. He's saying he wants you to agree any dime that has been expensed since May 5, right? That without his express written pre approval, you will get that's that's why I'm pushing back, right? And the pushback is this, and I want you to understand this. It's from the date of this, this protocol, no, right?

Joseph Guzel  10:31:25
Well, how about this? Do it make it a mutually a mutual thing, and then take it back for the last year? Then what do you mean? He's got a $6,000 a month. I just saw he's got $6,000 a month. He's charging on Farmers Insurance, I think, for life insurance policy. I that, I that I didn't know about and so I didn't approve that. Nobody talked to me about it.

Unknown Speaker  10:31:48
That's what he had, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  10:31:51
literally nobody talked to talk to me about it. That's a very expensive thing. That's almost an FTE, at least for our brown asses, right? And so and so, take it back. Then. How about a make it mutual, mutual audit, like mutual transparency and double trigger is our weapon here against a guy

Kuan Huang  10:32:07
like this? Do we want? Do we want to increase the dispute, or, or, or get to a

Joseph Guzel  10:32:13
resolution? Well, we just have an audit. We just had an audit, so if it's not in the so what one resolution would be, what I just said, the other resolution would be to scratch it and then he's going to rebut the third is to just put it in line with the audit we just had from Frank riverman. So if we just make it like anything that was not in line with the May 5 expense policies, and may and make it, make it, make it tied to our recently, freshly audited expense policies that I created with a duro over 12 months that he's aware of. If they don't fall within those bounds of that treatment, then it's, then it's an issue, if, if, and then the other people have to pay but, but otherwise no. So that includes vendors, that includes contracts that were renegotiated, that includes the precedent for things I've already would have done before. Are they within the expense policy that we just paid a whole bunch of money to get audited, that we said to all of our LPS four weeks ago, yes or no, because we have a fucking expense policy, you know, right? But

Kuan Huang  10:33:17
what, what he calls expenses that are personal nature, I don't know. The only,

Joseph Guzel  10:33:21
the only, the only, the only thing should be. The only thing should be you guys. It should be you and Ben from work. There's nothing else that matters.

Speaker 1  10:33:32
No, okay, so okay with this? Then?

Joseph Guzel  10:33:37
Yeah, I don't. I don't know what other expenses I would have incurred that I wouldn't take out of my management fee, right? Like, if I put something on the AMEX, let's say I put this hotel on the AMEX, it's going to come out of my fucking management fee. We've always done that, right? Even if he says he hasn't, and it's that's it. He was bitching on one call about $2,000 from my wedding that we didn't take out of my management fee that I calculate to pay each other. Like, it's, it's like, okay, well, maybe just bring it up, dude, instead of trying to, you know,

Kuan Huang  10:34:11
okay, then that, that makes this simple. And then,

Joseph Guzel  10:34:15
and then put, and then put on your end, if I don't want to have to negotiate your shit, so whatever it's going to cost. No, seriously, just treat it like a term sheet, right? You can put a threshold,

Unknown Speaker  10:34:36
right? Yeah, like, that's

Joseph Guzel  10:34:47
and then, and then tie it to both of us, right? Because he had legal expenses too,

Kuan Huang  10:34:54
yep, and he disputes. Regarding, yeah, the parties agree that he's up to, I'm going to say 75k

Joseph Guzel  10:35:09
Yeah, perfect. Is that? Is that enough for you to not get in trouble?

Kuan Huang  10:35:17
I'm already I'm in the shit. That's

Joseph Guzel  10:35:20
your shit on this with me now I'm getting

Unknown Speaker  10:35:28
Bernie's agree that legal fees,

Joseph Guzel  10:35:30
well, let's get you out of the shit up to because he calls if it should be 100 make it 100 I'm not worried about Ben from Oric. He has board seats that I've that are successful from me and and he also is related to Ben Horowitz, who is early employee at Google, which is how he got connected with McLean. But you know, you are you? I'm worried about, like, that's the thing. So you can't, this isn't fucking pro bono work. We have this big ass fucking trial. He's gonna say, he's gonna push and say 50, and then we land at 75 but as whatever the amount is, where you don't get in trouble, and you get to do this again and help somebody else, like this, God willing. Just, just don't make us pay it all at once.

Speaker 1  10:36:20
The Work date relating to termination action, and

Joseph Guzel  10:36:30
if helps go on, if it helps go on for for you guys to do a fun formation. Like to get that business for my new thing. I'll sign up for that. Okay,

Kuan Huang  10:36:40
well, we've been trying to grow that part of the All right.

Joseph Guzel  10:36:43
Well, you get to show that. You get to show that, you know, you're not just the most Jewish Asian.

Unknown Speaker  10:36:52
Yeah, I'll introduce you to my buddy Bo, who does

Joseph Guzel  10:36:54
understand, yeah, Dave Young and John are to me, what Luke is to you. So, okay, yeah,

Kuan Huang  10:37:40
Dave Young, kind of fell asleep on this one. All right, here, portfolio, oversight, preferences, three, four. What do you mean by this sentence?

Joseph Guzel  10:37:55
Joe? So the the portfolio, like the whole portfolio oversight thing in the divvying up of everything doesn't really matter. And you'll see in the appendix, I also said to scratch all that and that it's everything's a double trigger, right? Yeah, because to like, like this, I this kind of makes it by divvying everything up the way they tried to do after the first call. It was, it was a play at attribution that he's already getting right. And what this potentially takes from is is basically good fiduciary responsibility to increase the fund value going forward like we were, like we're supposed to anyways, which is also going to increase Joe VC value. Now I don't so, so that's why tying portfolio oversight to all the double triggers again, just reinstating it and and the narratives and yada yada are all equally important. And you'll see with some of these, I made them joint like every set. I don't have the board seat anymore. We just consummated a price round for that when I was in Amsterdam on the way to Greece. Let's make a joint like something's bringing them closer is better with with volta and treebo making them joint. It's aligned with what we've been discussing and acting on, which is like focus on the value of haven that we both have 50% of rather than getting chips. And what I realized with this stuff too, as well as why scratching the appendix, I think is a good idea, is because that's ammo for him later to say, to say, like, well, look at all the things I did the right here in writing. Yeah, yeah. So let's just take that away from them. Ambiguity is better on that. Otherwise you like, yeah, look, I do all of these things look

Unknown Speaker  10:39:58
and then with a jeep, Jeeves as well.

Joseph Guzel  10:40:02
No, actually Jeeves, we can leave it Southworth. And then with you had a joint. But let's make intro joint. Let's give them some gives here joint. And then let's make we're super connector, Guzel, Pico, Corgi.

Joseph Guzel  10:40:30
So one play would be to make Hamza joint, but I don't think that is a good idea, actually. So with every set, making it joint is good because it puts them next to

Kuan Huang  10:40:42
cross link, yeah, right. Then these four, then every set, intro,

Joseph Guzel  10:40:48
people, volta, okay. Does that make sense?

Kuan Huang  10:40:52
That all makes sense, that all makes sense now, expense pieces important to reference, so we already took care of that up up there, right? Meaning that's going to be part of what you now. You guys now agree on

Joseph Guzel  10:41:09
say something portfolio oversight, like, like, portfolio responsibilities are divvied up based on historical division of responsibilities that have that have been a precedent already at Haven, and don't necessarily reflect attribution, which we both have, right and our our in going forward, it's, it's designed For, in good faith to focus on the value accretion relative to the initial investment period, which is over, right? And that's what this is.

Kuan Huang  10:41:44
Do you want to say that expressly, that this does not necessarily reflect attribution or

Joseph Guzel  10:41:52
Yeah, or just like what you're supposed to do or not or to use it. You can't use it if we, if we say that in there, then he can't use these things with the definition of firing for cause, for, like, very vague things like material breach of the contract. What's that mean I missed? Well,

Kuan Huang  10:42:11
we'll get to that. But like, do you want to add language here that that makes it clear that the divvying up of responsibility here is not a, it's not a, you know, it's not a commentary on attribution, which, which, as reflected below in Section blah, blah, blah. I think that's a big joint.

Joseph Guzel  10:42:33
Yeah, I think it's a big gift. Yeah, it's a big give psychologically. And then, because we're getting rid of the appendix this, this serves as the appendix effectively.

Unknown Speaker  10:42:47
Yeah, the responsibility,

Joseph Guzel  10:42:49
instead of pretending like filing a P tat tax filing once a year is work, right? Instead of just being fat,

Joseph Guzel  10:43:08
they let you dress like that at Latham club, they know

Speaker 1  10:43:14
my wife's Joe. What are they going to do at this point?

Joseph Guzel  10:43:19
What are they going to do? You just won that trial, baby number one. Managers agree

Kuan Huang  10:43:22
that the responsibility is reflected, but are not a commentary on the attribution or credit that either manager should or should not receive. Are to their work at the fund such attribution is governed by the, I mean, I think that's

Joseph Guzel  10:43:45
yeah, it's, it's yeah, okay,

Kuan Huang  10:43:52
okay, dispute resolution. Do we? Do you really want Liam,

Joseph Guzel  10:43:57
I texted him screenshots of this already, just I put that in there, just like, as a, you know, show a good faith, put, you know, put them in

Kuan Huang  10:44:06
there. I think you should. I think you should retain some optionality.

Joseph Guzel  10:44:10
Yeah, I think so too. It was, it was more we're sending him. McLean and I were just texting, like, about what to send him. So if that gives you any good faith, we're going to send him a bunch of steaks and some Tragically Hip vinyls. He's very Canadian, so

Kuan Huang  10:44:29
the mediator shall be mutually agreed upon by both parties that should be stripped. Okay? So look, I mean, you can always choose Liam, but that just gives

Joseph Guzel  10:44:38
you some some mush. Yeah, literally, I was like, I was like, and here's what McLean said. He said, let's see. I said. I said, Do you think Liam would sign up for being our mediator forever. We need to send them something really thoughtful. Blah, blah, blah. And he said, No, I think he's burned out. We would have to find someone else. We might have to find a third party. And normally, lawyers have those recommendations, or we could agree on someone from our own network. That's what he said, Yeah. And then we started

Kuan Huang  10:45:12
talking, okay, yeah, okay. So on this, Joe, I think for a lot of these you're, you know, I get the point, which is like, what exactly is this embezzlement, fraud, anything that that has, like a criminal connotation, anything, let's not split hairs, anything that let's not split hairs on what that stuff is, right? Because you're not going to do it and you haven't done haven't done it's not going to be an issue, right, right?

Joseph Guzel  10:45:41
But Quan like, like, on record, on calls with Liam, accuse me of the game. So, so, so that's why the language on the expense stuff and shit, it solves these things, and the portfolio language addition solves these things. It's Yes.

Kuan Huang  10:45:58
Here's what else solves this, right? We came up with this process where nobody can just say cause and then do something. If one person alleges cause, there's gonna be a notice period. You're gonna just have a dispute about it. You're gonna go to arbitration about it. That's going to be a sufficiently, I think, robust enough, kind of mechanism to prevent what happened on May 5 from ever happening again, because he's going to have to come with receipts. You guys are both going to lawyer up again, right? We're going to go to AAA arbitration that I'm very familiar with i That's your protection here right now. That doesn't mean we can agree to terms that are so broad that any anything can can fall within it. I'm fine with embezzlement, misappropriation of assets, blah, blah, blah. I'm fine, right? Because those have specific understandings and elements under the

Joseph Guzel  10:46:56
law, but him being able to revoke my access or something with it, or issue another unilateral management consent if he can't do the definition within my how I'm treating expenses on a day to day basis, as you can't do it a precedent. Well, yeah, yeah, he can't do it, but he did this, which he

Kuan Huang  10:47:15
couldn't do. But that's that's because you guys did not in the in the LLC agreement you have now, right? There was nothing set up for how to, how one person claims cause one

Joseph Guzel  10:47:24
person, but the only, but the only. We're dealing with human morality here. The only stupid thing that I did was not issue a unilateral management consent and lock him out after February, right, right, which Dave Young was trying to get me to do, which he's

Kuan Huang  10:47:42
smart, I mean, right? This will prevent any of that sort of activity going forward, because there is now process, okay, right, putting aside what these definitions mean, if you, if either of you think a one of these definitions has been triggered, you're gonna have to prove it, and it's going to be an expensive endeavor that will take several months, and it's just not going to happen.

Joseph Guzel  10:48:05
Yeah, you have to prove anything before you can do it correct unequivocally. Yes, the only one with a high burden of proof, yeah, yeah. Okay, well, I'm gonna,

Kuan Huang  10:48:18
I'm gonna make that a little clearer. I'm telling you the for this one, embezzlement, this appropriation, you shouldn't worry about it. Those are very clearly defined under the law. Fraud shouldn't worry about it. Not very clearly defined.

Joseph Guzel  10:48:32
I came up with this. Every one of these, though, is something where it's a bunch of discovery and he has an unlimited purse, and I have

Kuan Huang  10:48:42
Well, I think we just built into the mechanism that if there are disputes under this it will, you know, your legal fees will also be covered by fun,

Joseph Guzel  10:48:53
right? But, but it can't. I can't find myself in a situation again where I'm defending. myself. That's all that matters. Understood. Yeah, I can't like I cannot find myself in a situation again where I'm being accused of shit I didn't do without somebody coming.
