Speaker 1  14:19:20
And what they think the space, and you said a lot of pre seed and seed investments, or, you know, you're really investing. Do I believe this person is going to do everything he's like, and so it's like, not as quantifiable, but at the seed stage, it's more of like, you have a little bit of traction. You have something to analyze in terms of a business that are looking for, like, the scale up to get product market fit or start like, you know, boosting revenues and stuff like that. And so that was what he said in terms of strategy you guys, like, now it's FinTech, but down the line he sees like, you guys expanding beyond just pure FinTech, and then, like he said, you'd like, you know, multiple offices. Like he wants to build a lasting brand, essentially, yeah, and what else? What else he was telling me that in terms of like, process and timing, he said that it's not you, you're still debating whether to hire two associates or either an associate and a principal, and so based on like, you're still, like, figuring things out.

Joseph Guzel  14:20:43
So you said, Did he say me specifically or the firm? That's why I was trying to get those wrecks out. Yeah, because you can see, you can see how much guidance he needs, but he's, he's, but he sounds like he handled it good. I was, that's why. Thanks for answering up. Like, all this fifth degree, because it's he did. He did great. He did great. Yeah. It sounds Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  14:21:05
I just loop in kind of like the Managing Up aspect. He asked me a lot about, like, the hours in banking, and he said, you know, is it really like you're working all the time, or is it like at 9pm you get five assignments?

Joseph Guzel  14:21:19
Yeah? Tell me. Yeah. Tell me. Tell me more of this stuff. Because, like, what's, what's not obvious to you Earth Week is, is, that's the stuff where you're gonna why I coached you like this, really, when I, when I trust you to, I think very highly of you, obviously, otherwise, I wouldn't open the kimono like this. But you also, you have to know what you're getting into and it was really like, this was, it was, it's a lot more manageable here, obviously, for so many reasons, than it was for me at cross cut ventures, which had, you know, four really senior by like age and pedigree, people in person. You had like the co founder of Myspace, the former clo of square, Enix, the gaming company. You had Rick Smith, who was like the senior statesman, Palomar ventures, private equity. And then you had Brian Garrett, who would be the equivalent of, like a shitty version of me, experience wise, who's like the, you know, and, and, but they had no they didn't have the fundamentals down and, but, and it was so fucking chaotic and in person and extra chaotic, like, like, like, and it was me covering all of them with all the madness. First seed fund in LA, like, different times. But I My mind went from just remember, before that I was at Intuit, you know, being like, Mr. Exec and my but I grew up in shawarma shops, man, so, so my brain just like, flipped back. I was like, I know this. I know what I need to do, which is just like, do, right? So, so what you're what you're about to tell me on the investment banking thing is really actually questions or anything you can posit from that is interesting because, remember, I kept alluding to his the differences in experience from a life and perspective is is what's interesting between our dynamic at this juncture of the business, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  14:23:25
I asked him. I also asked him, like, where he sees the biggest need for an associate at the moment, and like, beyond. And so he kind of went into that, where do you say, like, I guess, like, at a high level. He was, like, you guys need like a fixer and someone who can just like, do you know if a portfolio company needs help with, like, building out a deck or doing like cap table analysis or stuff like that, like you said, the firm needs like someone to do a whole of like, those tasks. And he said it would kind of be similar to, like, what I'm doing right now. But then he like, made sure to emphasize that, not like in terms of I'll get work last minute, like 9pm and I'll be, like, working super late, but more in terms of just, like, I just have, like, my hands in a lot of plates, and we'll just need to be able to, like, do just like, do everything, essentially. And so that's kind of and then he said, If you hire two associates, then it would kind of be like a hybrid between doing and then also, like starting to develop, like my own network, and helping with sourcing

Joseph Guzel  14:24:49
and stuff like that. What did, what did he say about the investment banking thing? I'm curious what his is. Funny. Well, he

Speaker 1  14:24:58
was just asking, like, you know, does the work really come from? Like, is there actually a lot of work, or is it just, like for time management from the seniors? And so I explained to him that, like, it's definitely like, there's an aspect of, you know, the MDS walking out the door, and he's like, Hey, I need these five things, but tonight. But also it's like, I'm on four deals right now, and there's always, like, this data coming up and all these opportunities. So it's like, there's just, it's just juggling up a lot of different balls at the same time and stuff. That's I said that, and I said also, it's like, it also kind of becomes our job as juniors to manage up a little bit and like, like, I told him, I have access to John's calendar, so if I see a meeting, making sure that everything's like, prepared and ready and stuff like that, we'll save myself some time in the future. So being proactive is kind of how I positioned it. Yeah,

Joseph Guzel  14:25:58
did you like that?

Unknown Speaker  14:25:59
I think he did.

Joseph Guzel  14:26:01
Yeah, he's Yeah, he's see that stuff's not obvious to him. Like, I had to explain that you do that stuff as an associate. He thought that maybe an assistant does that, an associate does this. He just doesn't. You can't, you can't blame a guy the so how do you feel? I feel

Speaker 1  14:26:21
good. I think, like, I am still pretty sold on an opportunity with Fave and like, definitely, what seems more, I guess, attractive to me, is like that, building out my network and developing my own skill set portion of it. So like, as much as I can focus on that

Joseph Guzel  14:26:44
as well, I think it would be I think so too. I think you'd be a fucking fantastic fit. And I'm clearly trying to set you up for success and just make this easy. If I were here, if it was just me making this decision, which I'm glad it's not, because it's healthy. And this is how, because I'm learning how to, you know, scale this business too, like, because it's one thing. It's one thing when you're supporting everybody, like I did before, like you would, it's another thing. It's another thing entirely, to do it yourself, obviously, and to manage partnerships like managing, I've never seen a partnership that doesn't have dysfunction, and so I'm kind of glad you're seeing all this anyways, because, like, I didn't know any of this stuff when I got into venture. And guess what? It persisted at the 40 year fund, also with crossing. Yeah, same, same thing. Yeah, it's so. So did he give you next steps by any chance? Not

Speaker 1  14:27:41
really, the way he put it was, it's structurally, structurally unstructured, and so I might have to be patient with next steps. And

Joseph Guzel  14:27:52
yeah, well, that's Yeah, cuz he's waiting for me to give him a framework, right? So, so here, which I already got to jump on. So that stuff's awesome. The Is there anything that you feel like he you didn't get a chance to showcase that you wanted to?

Speaker 1  14:28:14
I mean, I think we covered a good amount. I'm not sure, like, I didn't really understand what he was looking for in the candidate, I would say. And so I wasn't really sure which like aspects to play, up versus down, sell a little bit and stuff. Yeah, probably sure if, like, we missed anything. But

Joseph Guzel  14:28:39
so So, go ahead, please.

Speaker 1  14:28:44
I was just gonna say he brought up, like, quantum computing on his own.

Joseph Guzel  14:28:47
Yeah, it came out of nowhere too.

Speaker 1  14:28:53
But yeah, we talked a little bit about that, like Moore's Law and the need for quantum computing. He said that's like an area that he's really interested

Joseph Guzel  14:29:03
in. Did he like that? You have that background? I

Speaker 1  14:29:06
think so. I mean, I couldn't really tell, but I think he did, like we talked about it for a solid, like, 510 minutes, yeah,

Joseph Guzel  14:29:15
did you, did you kind of did? Did you like what you said? What did? He knows quite a bit about it, I think just from osmosis from Larry,

Speaker 1  14:29:24
yeah. I mean, I we were, we didn't go, like, too deep, but we talked a little bit about, like, edge computing, and because that's one of the areas that I focus on at key and so he was asking me, like, how it worked. And he said he was always interested in the space, but never really, like, sat down and asked the questions. And so, yeah, I think, yeah. I'm not sure. I'm curious to hear how he thought it went. And he was like, Oh, do you know the founder of Hot or not.com?

Joseph Guzel  14:29:58
Hot or Not? It's, it's, it's familiar. I definitely know what hot or

Speaker 1  14:30:05
not is he like, in the middle of maybe, like, 4050, minutes, and he got up, and I think someone was, like, walking out. And so he was like, Oh, I just want to say bye to him real quick. And so he, like, said bye to this guy who's like, I guess gonna bike out. And he was like, Oh, that was the founder of

Joseph Guzel  14:30:29
Potter not.com So, yeah, he knows kind of everybody, yeah. So, so here's So, here's what we're gonna do for next steps. Okay, yeah, you're gonna chill for, for for a beat. Do you do your thing? We'll connect later today. I'll give you a call just to run the thing through you. But I'm, I'm trying to, as you can tell, solve multiple things simultaneously here where I can kind of speed this to a quick close now. So kind of step one is, there's what I'm going to do, then what you're going to do. Okay? So step one is, I'm going to, I'm going to pull the the job descriptions together, right, which I already started on, okay? And that is more for that's, that's a, that's a McLean kind of mitigant, as you could tell, right? Then two is, I am going to outline a process that that outline a process for each role, even for the I'm basically gonna go associate, senior, associate principal, for each one that we're even though we're not hiring for all of them, we really just need one person, ideally, you and then, and that's going to be a distinct kind of thing. And so the, then, the, the I'm going to outline that, you know, there are basically three more or two more phone calls now, and those phone calls I'm going to set you up for success, like I already did with one this morning, for example, when I was fixing this administrative fuck up on Corgi, which is his buddy Brian that he referenced, right? Brian is obviously somebody that him and his friend, elite CEO of Jeeves, recruited to do a startup with. He thinks highly of Brian, right? We're putting two and a half million dollars into Brian imminently, and you know, he's super excited about it, right? I already talked to Brian this morning directly. McLean doesn't know this about you. And and I asked, I told him, I want to interject, you know him, and pull him into the process as one of the like, a 30 minute call just to sanity check make sure you're good. And Brian was like, Oh yeah, I used to run the recruiting process for this, this and that he's more traditional banker and stuff, but I but know that it's not like if, if you fuck it up, it's because you fucked it up like I told him, I I told him straight up, like we're doing this to management claim. Okay, okay, yeah, so, so, but McLean's not going to know that, is he right? So, so obviously you'll it'll basically do all of the work. When he hears the I'm going to bring it up as like, I think it would be a good idea if we bring Brian in. I floated, I floated it to him, and he's happy to do it and just keep it really tight, like I told him, like, you know, 30 minute call, kind of sanity check I and I had to do something similar that I'll point to. Okay, now, then I'm going to have you chat with one of our LPs, ideally, meeting. It's like another MIDI game, right? So meeting with Al gay, for example, who basically works for, who works for McLean's family, who works for Lucy. He was former insight. He knows the situation too, you know, he's got to imagine that he's like, my age, and, you know, works in the family office. You're just dealing with the family, you know it's, it's, it's what it's. He works for grass metal. He's not in that office. He's in the other one. He's a cool guy. He worked at insight and then joined the family office. If it's not him, it'll be, it'll be, probably, it might be, who's a good one. I'll think, I'll think of, I'll think of you. It'll be a friendly. The other is, I'm going to have, I'll have you do a call with, with Adam, with Adam zabar, or with Eb, one of our founders, the one, the one that Daniel's working with, you know, and they're all friendlies, okay, okay. And, and those look like phone calls or zooms or whatever. And then, in the meantime, what we're going to do is, I you have the what I saw, you sent the summary of involvement, right? And then you have all the materials and stuff that you put together. So what you're going to do is put together basically, like, a folio, right? Like, like, that's what I was trying to tell you yesterday, where, where you outline, like, you're going to outline like, the the reasons why you want to recap, the reasons why you want to do the role and stuff. Why Haven what you think you can bring, you know, to the firm, and what you're hoping to get out of it, and you know, what you see the job hopefully becoming. And the right answer there is, like, you know, move the needle here, and and, you know, help grow the business, but also grow yourself. And, you know, treat, treat it like an like an ownership mentality, with no expectations and humbleness, knowing that like you're, this is a, this is a good move for you, dude, yeah. And then your questions that you should have also like, on the next juncture, because I keep telling you, like, tell me what you need, give me data to work with. Clearly, I empathize. I've been in all these situations worth it. Remember to get down to the nitty gritty, like, and I'll figure it out sincerely. Make sure you outline, like, when you can start what your constraints are. This is, I'm talking, this is a one page, like, bullet point kind of thing, sure. And then then the next page would be like, here's, here's a sample of, you know, my history, like a recap of my history with Haven, and then it's, it's version of the thing you sent yesterday, and then screenshots or links to, like the stuff that you helped put together, and why, I'll help you fill in those blanks, okay? And I have, I even have all this stuff, and so that's really important, because he didn't know that, right? And and then that, that takes care of all that. And then, and and then, and then we go from there. So, so that's, that's what you need to focus on, is putting that together. You and I are going to work on that together. I'm going to send and then all it'll be a one two punch, so I do my thing, and then your yours will come, like, right after, right? So because you want you want yours, your shouldn't take too long, right? You can do it really quick. I could do it for you and and that way you can hit it with the follow up, because I want it to hit all of the things that are pain points for us, right? And even highlighting, again, like, here is the scope, the full scope of the things that I do and what today, like in investment banking. That's why he asked you that re under like, underscore all that stuff yet again, and your your eagerness and when and when you talk about when you when you recapping the timeline, the point, the point of recapping the work that you did before. It's not to test whether you can do a cap table. It's to show that your plug and play, that that's been when I got hired for both of my venture jobs, okay? I was hired for a reason, right? I was hired because at the end of the day, they knew I really wanted it. They underwrote the work. They underwrote me over time, okay? And they knew that I could be plug and play. They I would not need my handheld, and I would not need to, you know, be have things overly explained or asked, you know, or bitch basically, and be needy like you can't. You can't cause work at this juncture, until we have room. You have to be the ability to learn throzmos Effectively, right? Yeah. So, yeah, anything else you want? Anything else you need for me, by the way, like I interviewed you a year ago, ma'am, so

Unknown Speaker  14:39:54
let me know. I think, I guess, like,

Joseph Guzel  14:39:56
I want to get this wrapped, dude, I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do anything I can to make this happen, right? So I believe in you.

Speaker 1  14:40:08
Okay, I appreciate that. Yeah, I was just gonna ask like, and what you thought would be like, a good timeline. And

Joseph Guzel  14:40:16
I think, I think what I told you, man, is I, I would love for you to start today, but if you have a constraint, it's okay. I just got to know what I'm working with. We've been look at the constraints we've been operating with already, right? So, so if what you want is just a clean break and then you come on full time at a certain date, you got to let me know, and we'll work with it. If not, and you want to do something a little different, let me know we work. I'll work with it, right? Whatever you whatever you need,

Speaker 1  14:40:52
okay? I mean, like, I definitely, if there's a way I can help out, like, right now, I'm more than happy to so if there's like, log into,

Joseph Guzel  14:41:03
I can, I, I would, I would love, I would love to. I would love that actually, because you've already been helping. And so that's actually a good thing that we should do, because you don't need to do a case study. You need to show you've already done it, right. So you need to showcase you just you need to do yourself justice by showcasing the history. Where I could use your help is on, on Hamza and on the slides for for Haven, like, if you have time, even today later, to help me with a couple slides once I piece together what I want, like data, yeah, these look like kind of what you were doing last time. It would, that would really, really, really help me. Yeah, I can definitely do that. Yeah. It's, it looks like you plugging the data into, like your systems, and then getting me the graphs, I can put them on a slide like, kind of like last time, yeah, I could do that. Awesome. Yeah, perfect. Okay, you're the you're the best. Thank you. All right, buddy, I'll call you. I'll call you in a couple hours. Okay, sounds good? All right. Well done. Take care. Bye.

Unknown Speaker  14:49:43
Yes, Fuck Do

Unknown Speaker  14:53:20
Okay, We Have

Unknown Speaker  15:00:20
primary

Unknown Speaker  15:00:25
aspect primary aspect. Factors.

Unknown Speaker  15:00:42
Factor

Unknown Speaker  15:02:00
every single

Speaker 2  15:02:20
Day, every single Day, Day I

Unknown Speaker  15:05:01
optics here. Optics here,

Unknown Speaker  15:05:12
optics per second, matrix

Speaker 2  15:05:22
on that process, We're

Unknown Speaker  15:09:40
this is what this is.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai